
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   358872500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2259639492000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              262836260                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                262828687                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              889450727                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 763956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   106042631                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     106042631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       165056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            269760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        17408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          17408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    459929362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    291758215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            751687577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    459929362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       459929362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       48507478                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48507478                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       48507478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    459929362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    291758215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           800195055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        64384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       685184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            749568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        64384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       543424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         543424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        10706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              11712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    179406335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data   1909268612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2088674947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    179406335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       179406335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1514253669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1514253669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1514253669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    179406335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data   1909268612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3602928617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               358677500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 173500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           358851000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          372.183224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   370.467141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.716083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.723569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           81                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             81                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            61                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.061538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      2366                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     476     49.22%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    491     50.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 967                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      474     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     474     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  948                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               336357500     93.70%     93.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22615500      6.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           358973000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995798                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.965377                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.980352                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  112      9.96%     10.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.44%     10.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  793     70.55%     81.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.18%     81.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.09%     81.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.09%     81.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     174     15.48%     96.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  31      2.76%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1124                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              286                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                172                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  172                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601399                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.751092                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         257484500     71.73%     71.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           101488500     28.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     112                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            18807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.990969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             240775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.802414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    24.197690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   487.793279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.047261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.952721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           537873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          537873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         122308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        114017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2036                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       236325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          236325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       236325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         236325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         18684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        18684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       131624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       123385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       123385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       255009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       255009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       255009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       255009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.070777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.075925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.100707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.012406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            12118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             7398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.966661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             710807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            96.080968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    24.908304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   487.058356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.048649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.951286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1442229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1442229                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       710013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         710013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       710013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          710013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       710013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         710013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          7401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         7401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       717414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       717414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       717414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       717414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             7398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                   2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                       4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests             9                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1429                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1429                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34859                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             34602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.041298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.198982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   33173     95.87%     95.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1429      4.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               34602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         52546                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26333                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9080                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9072                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              16945                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12118                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6658                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               99                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9544                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        22186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        56658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  78844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       946240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1979592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2925832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            27176                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             79718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.115168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.319541                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   70545     88.49%     88.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9165     11.50%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       8      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               79718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            2564.004942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1000.479479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   621.953642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.244258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.229736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.151844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.625978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.602783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                  76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                 76                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               18266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3991.842964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 23748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.300120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1851.320963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    28.223355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    52.270840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   838.239028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1221.788777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.451983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.006890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.012761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.204648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.298288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              447631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             447631                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7384                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7384                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3815                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3815                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8986                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            17228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           17228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7384                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7384                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          26214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         26214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.989899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.890172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.484529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.564858                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564858                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.725137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.657206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.484529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.725137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.657206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           8769                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                8769                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              4189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq               64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        12036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 12056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       289344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       289352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 289616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           27373                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            34602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.752413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.431617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   8567     24.76%     24.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  26035     75.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              34602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        37813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        12852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        50665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 50675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1372800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       290248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1663048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1663176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            8904                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            43511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.204546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.403374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  34611     79.55%     79.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   8900     20.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              43511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     5.401134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.280618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.548721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.267539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.337571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           42                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           42                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4450                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.851382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.079255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.038121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.047256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.364777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.321972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.192453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.002383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.397799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.395123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        73090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        73090                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4252                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4193                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997522                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          275                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          275                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4445                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.789566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.603944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.024417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.060807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.688997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.411401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.162747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.003800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.418062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.400713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        73020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        73020                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4186                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1670                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4249                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4189                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999284                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          272                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          272                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse     8.473164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.352648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.548721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.571795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.459540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.034295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.529573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses           42                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses           42                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  86                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 69                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 155                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4518868714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           32                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 364                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          488                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  156                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 86                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                70                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4516432191.018376                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2436522.981623                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000539                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999461                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            7      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              198     51.03%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              95     24.48%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             71     18.30%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               388                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              132851                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               736                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           43399                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             125480                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              149                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          20613                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              258331                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               885                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           64012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             222333                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              331                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         222664                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  717745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             716503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               716503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       689791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              14413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        76396                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              689791                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       971328                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       481383                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               260616                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             134636                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            125980                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles            717745                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    95636                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        14762      2.06%      2.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           418239     58.30%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             720      0.10%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           1218      0.17%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            230      0.03%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          138686     19.33%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         126326     17.61%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         17233      2.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            717414                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4190                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          275                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4190                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        12839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       289736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       289736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              289864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        31836                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         39053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.780606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.413841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                8568     21.94%     21.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               30485     78.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           39053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.423033                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                423033120000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2683045929500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2481425                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2481425                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1101201330                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 767028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   384.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   953254469                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     953254469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1814144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      3500736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        49856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           5384832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1814144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        49856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1864000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2312832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2312832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        28346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        54699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              84138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        36138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             36138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4288421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      8275324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       117854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        47505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             12729103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4288421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       117854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         4406274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        5467260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5467260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        5467260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4288421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      8275324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       117854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        47505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            18196362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        75712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      8197056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       192192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3548160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12046144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        75712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        33024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       108736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      7374848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7374848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       128079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         3003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        55440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             188221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       115232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            115232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       178974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     19376866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        78065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       454319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        8387428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             28475652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       178974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        78065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          257039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       17433264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            17433264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       17433264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       178974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     19376866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        78065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       454319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       8387428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            45908916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     177                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    745943                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    7060     34.99%     34.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    210      1.04%     36.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      2.15%     38.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     38.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  12473     61.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               20177                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     7058     47.82%     47.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     210      1.42%     49.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     433      2.93%     52.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     52.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    7057     47.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                14759                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            421851900000     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               15561000      0.00%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1144548500      0.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        423033338500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999717                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.565782                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.731476                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                      1011     97.40%     97.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         6      0.58%     97.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.19%     98.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        5      0.48%     98.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.10%     98.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.10%     98.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.10%     98.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.10%     99.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        6      0.58%     99.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        1      0.10%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.10%     99.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.10%     99.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.10%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                  1038                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  178      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                17241      2.32%      2.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1145      0.15%      2.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      2.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    2292      0.31%      2.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                1054      0.14%      2.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%      2.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             720941     97.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                742862                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2470                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               2109                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               2109                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 2109                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.853846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.921162                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5011790500      1.18%      1.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        418021548000     98.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           779203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.919584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          237491818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           779203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           304.788121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.919584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        477350208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       477350208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    165980384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      165980384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     71217213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      71217213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       151965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       151965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       155359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       155359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    237197597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       237197597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    237197597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      237197597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       267761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       508826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       508826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3707                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3707                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          153                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       776587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        776587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       776587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       776587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    166248145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166248145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     71726039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71726039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       155672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       155672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       155512                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       155512                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    237974184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    237974184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    237974184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    237974184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023813                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023813                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000984                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000984                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       578001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           578001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          3085425                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          841131899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3085425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           272.614599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1694231601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1694231601                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    842487663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      842487663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    842487663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       842487663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    842487663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      842487663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3085425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3085425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3085425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       3085425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3085425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      3085425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    845573088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    845573088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    845573088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    845573088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    845573088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    845573088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3085425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          3085425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     435                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      8230                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1956     27.50%     27.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.09%     33.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.03%     33.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   4722     66.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                7113                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1956     45.02%     45.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     433      9.97%     54.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.05%     55.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1954     44.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 4345                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422558629000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 285500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              232981000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422813112500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.413808                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.610853                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   11      0.15%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.03%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6225     82.25%     82.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    866     11.44%     93.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     453      5.99%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   8      0.11%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  7568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 18                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                436                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 19                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   18                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.678571                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.002294                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.078838                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          45455000     13.02%     13.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            62339500     17.85%     30.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           241376500     69.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      11                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5924                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          478.778882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              92190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.562120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   478.778882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.935115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.935115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           622619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          622619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       184390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         184390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       113149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        113149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       297539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          297539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       297539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         297539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          6967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         6967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       189059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       115447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       115447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       304506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       304506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       304506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       304506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.057451                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.057451                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.028725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             5209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             311468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.794202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1747176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1747176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       865773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         865773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       865773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          865773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       865773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         865773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          5210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         5210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       870983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       870983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       870983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       870983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       870983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       870983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             5209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 592                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4874240                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        598                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1651                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1651                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               78613                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              78613                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         7888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       152640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       152640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  160528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1458                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        13738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4875520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4875520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4889258                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                76320                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                76320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               686880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              686880                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              160                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           76160                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                76160                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       7730500                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3865602                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           39                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          153334                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       153302                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           32                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1491                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            3358384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               2017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              2017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       578001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3085408                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           201180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            508004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           508004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        3085425                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        271468                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      9256258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2347091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               11603349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    394933312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     86888522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               481821834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           763497                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           8496861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.018059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.133192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 8343450     98.19%     98.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  153379      1.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      32      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             8496861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         23454                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11321                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9301                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9301                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               9975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                436                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               436                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3157                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             48                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4765                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        15629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        21017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  36646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       666816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       623584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1290400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           589507                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            613034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.015179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.122263                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  603729     98.48%     98.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9305      1.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              613034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              220822                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3977.263765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               6947828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              220822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               31.463477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1249.195522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.002887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3.059504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   826.309937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1896.695914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.304979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.201736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.463061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.971012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            62573694                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           62573694                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       578001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      3085408                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      3085408                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       440505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          440505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3055896                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      3055896                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       155105                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       155105                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3055896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       595610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            3651506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3055896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       595610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           3651506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          822                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          822                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          153                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        67499                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         67499                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        29529                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        29529                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       116363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       116363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        29529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       183862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           213391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        29529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       183862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          213391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       578001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      3085408                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      3085408                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          822                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       508004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       508004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3085425                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      3085425                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       271468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       271468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3085425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       779472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        3864897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3085425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       779472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       3864897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.132871                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.132871                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009570                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.009570                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.428644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.428644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.235880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.055213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.235880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          73984                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               73984                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                3992                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3305.328563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  5236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                3992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.311623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1459.988412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1029.003616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   803.336536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.356442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.251222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.196127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.806965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.807861                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              195457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             195457                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5209                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5209                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2557                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2557                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               6619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              6619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2011                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2011                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1295                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1295                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             5514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            5514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5209                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5209                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5210                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5210                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4765                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4765                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          12133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         12133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.931881                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.931881                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.248560                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.248560                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.463379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.463379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.248560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.454463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.248560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.454463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1447                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1447                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            149327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              2453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             2453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       150172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          134120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            67566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           67566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       147836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        76160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        76160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       245266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       390867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       643149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         4621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         5493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        61824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       166976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       228800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                877442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      6319424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     12070784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     18400458                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       122048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       125536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1318912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3565568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4884480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               23410474                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          386020                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           973050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.396643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.489201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 587097     60.34%     60.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 385953     39.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             973050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             79405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       115261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           73750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            74                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           111487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          111487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        79405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        10204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        16026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       556531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       556531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                572557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       318592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       125664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       444256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     19153024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     19153024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               19597280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          214271                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           595097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.359491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.479852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 381165     64.05%     64.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 213932     35.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             595097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       189797                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.880158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       189797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.441662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.189020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     9.249476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.402604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.578092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      3217352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      3217352                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       114034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       114034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          115                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total          115                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        54056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        54056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        74770                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        75953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55552                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        55552                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       128826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       130009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       128826                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       130009                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       114034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       114034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        54129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        74812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        75995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55552                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        55552                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       128941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       130124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       128941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       130124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999439                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       113921                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       113921                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1129                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.681261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           34                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.030115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.866572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.814027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.491661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.238377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.730079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25940                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1005                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1006                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999006                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999440                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         1128                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.681250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           33                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         1128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.029255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.866946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.814273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.491684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.238392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.730078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        25923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        25923                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1005                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1005                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       189651                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.838409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       189651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.352548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.264500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.221361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.334534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.016531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.638835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      3270861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      3270861                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       113921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       113921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          106                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          109                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        54001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55549                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       109550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        74719                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        75902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       128720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        55549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       185452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       128720                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        55549                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       185452                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       113921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       113921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       109608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        74770                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        75953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       128826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        55552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       185561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       128826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        55552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       185561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.999946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.999946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.999946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       113814                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       113814                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           165682594                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               984                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       164057121                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           71884889                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             1075                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       70725222                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           237567483                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses              2059                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       234782343                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          836315785                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              357                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      836316142                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               846066417                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          845571008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            845571008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    809194646                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       4463341                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           11585686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    108353591                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           809194646                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              4463341                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1135728095                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    621087469                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads      4263337                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes      2820027                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            238293248                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          166406304                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          71886944                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      492960.931128                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      845573456.068872                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.999417                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.000583                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                141409458                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     14108869      1.67%      1.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        589747596     69.75%     71.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          421910      0.05%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd        1050133      0.12%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt         916803      0.11%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              7      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       166587556     19.70%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       71889733      8.50%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        850480      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         845573088                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              190629                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               104                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           28338                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             117538                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16450                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              308167                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               118                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           44788                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             219579                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               99                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         219678                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               845626660                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             870855                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               870855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       835179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              32282                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        68583                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              835179                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  348                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1144290                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       641460                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               308865                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             190834                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            118031                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      844756465.351118                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      870194.648881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001029                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998971                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   116111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         8438      0.97%      0.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           513146     58.92%     59.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            2606      0.30%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             45      0.01%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          194059     22.28%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         118311     13.58%     96.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         34375      3.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            870983                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          77737                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            436                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           436                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       113949                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        72800                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          249                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        109703                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       109703                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        77737                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       557180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       557180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         5819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             562999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     19166848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     19166848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       125536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       125536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            19292384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       409365                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        783833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.521743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              374874     47.83%     47.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              408959     52.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          783833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.414571                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3414570542500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6097616472000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2432419                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2432419                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              568439338                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 767028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6006.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 14611347485                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14611347485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       125760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       114368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        88832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        39232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            368192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       125760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        88832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       214592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        77248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          77248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1207                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1207                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        36830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        33494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        26016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        11490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               107830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        36830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        26016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           62846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          22623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               22623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          22623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        36830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        33494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        26016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        11490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              130453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     92179776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        20672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     92195200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         184424896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        29248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        20672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        49920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     26604160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       26604160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      1440309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1440550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2881639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       415690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            415690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     26996009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         6054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     27000526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             54011154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         6054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           14620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        7791363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             7791363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        7791363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         8566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     26996009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         6054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     27000526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            61802518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  58431539                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                19437398     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   3496      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      4      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31               19467645     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total            38908543                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                 19437398     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    3496      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       4      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                19437396     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total             38878294                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2916269252500     85.41%     85.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              171304000      0.01%     85.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 725000      0.00%     85.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31           498129190500     14.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3414570472000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998446                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999223                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        2      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                 6474400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                12948800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total              19423205                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   24      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl             19478313     33.34%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6996      0.01%     33.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                19426730     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys            19423210     33.25%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              79225      0.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total              58414502                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel         19426754                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user           19425440                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel           19425440                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user             19425440                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999932                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999966                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1725534239500     50.53%     50.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        1689036232500     49.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      24                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         21081027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.988417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2153491355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         21081027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.153057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.988417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4370897574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4370897574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1277187813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1277187813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    876596926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     876596926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        16835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        21692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2153784739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2153784739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2153784739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2153784739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     20536840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     20536840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       542892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       542892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5034                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5034                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     21079732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      21079732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     21079732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     21079732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1297724653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1297724653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    877139818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    877139818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        21869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        21868                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21868                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2174864471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2174864471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2174864471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2174864471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.230189                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.230189                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008048                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008048                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       637171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           637171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           136288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         4660362276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           136288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         34194.956827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      13658418396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     13658418396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6829004766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6829004766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6829004766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      6829004766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6829004766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     6829004766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       136288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       136288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       136288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        136288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       136288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       136288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6829141054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6829141054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6829141054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   6829141054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6829141054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   6829141054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       136288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           136288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  58443552                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                19444520     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   3496      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      4      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31               19467810     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total            38915830                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                 19444520     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    3496      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       4      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                19444516     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total             38892536                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2917306960500     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              171304000      0.01%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 577500      0.00%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           497445928000     14.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3414924770000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998803                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999401                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::256                 6476800     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::257                12953600     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total              19430401                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   19      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl             19478410     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   6998      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                19433920     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys            19430402     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              76803      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total              58426556                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel         19433937                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user           19432665                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel           19432666                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user             19432665                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999935                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999967                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1725293650500     44.96%     44.96% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        1689195406500     44.02%     88.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        422910723500     11.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      19                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         20697241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.214175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         2153988013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         20697241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           104.071263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   511.214175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.998465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4370287133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4370287133                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1277460941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1277460941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    876611112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     876611112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         9045                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9045                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        10768                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10768                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2154072053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      2154072053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2154072053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     2154072053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     20158732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     20158732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       540545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       540545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     20699277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      20699277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     20699277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     20699277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1297619673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1297619673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    877151657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    877151657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10868                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        10868                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2174771330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2174771330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2174771330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2174771330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.000616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.167817                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.167817                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009201                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.009201                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       611893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           611893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            70496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         3926776376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            70496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         55702.116092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      13658028372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     13658028372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   6828908442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6828908442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   6828908442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      6828908442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   6828908442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     6828908442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        70496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        70496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        70496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         70496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        70496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        70496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   6828978938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6828978938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   6828978938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   6828978938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   6828978938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   6828978938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        70496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            70496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7008                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7008                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        14016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   14016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        56064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        56064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    56064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      42438545                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21221099                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1508516                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1508516                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           20678162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               3504                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              3504                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       637171                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       136288                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         20443856                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3608                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            539284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           539284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         136288                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      20541874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       408864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     63257919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               63666783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     17444864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1390001088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1407445952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          7227440                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          49666663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.030373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.171611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                48158147     96.96%     96.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 1508516      3.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            49666663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      41539434                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     20767939                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11762                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11761                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           20231052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               3504                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              3504                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       611893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        70496                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         20085347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            100                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             202                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            540443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           540443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          70496                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      20160556                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       211488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     62106650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               62318138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9023488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1364053120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1373076608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          4346445                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          45888983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.000256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.016011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                45877219     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   11763      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            45888983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             1447298                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3970.564605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              38543294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             1447298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               26.631208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   537.254569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.023590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     1.025235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    21.792159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  3410.469052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.131166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.832634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4032                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2603                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           341497047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          341497047                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       637171                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       637171                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       136288                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       136288                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       331753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          331753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       133866                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       133866                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19306699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     19306699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       133866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19638452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           19772318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       133866                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19638452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          19772318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3608                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3608                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       207531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        207531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2422                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2422                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1235175                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1235175                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1442706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          1445128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1442706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         1445128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       637171                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       637171                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       136288                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       136288                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3608                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3608                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       539284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       539284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       136288                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       136288                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     20541874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     20541874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       136288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     21081158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       21217446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       136288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     21081158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      21217446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.384827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.384827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.017771                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.017771                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.060130                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060130                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.017771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.068436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.068110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.017771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.068436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         209249                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              209249                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             1444405                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3965.572616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              37860115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             1444405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               26.211565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   528.015818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.072117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3.017288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    22.620231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  3411.847163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.128910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.832970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          721                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980713                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           334305131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          334305131                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       611893                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       611893                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        70496                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        70496                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       333840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          333840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        68785                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        68785                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     18922111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     18922111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        68785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     19255951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           19324736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        68785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     19255951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          19324736                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       206603                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        206603                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1711                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1711                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1238445                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1238445                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1445048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          1446759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1445048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         1446759                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       611893                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       611893                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        70496                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        70496                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       540443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       540443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        70496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        70496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     20160556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     20160556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        70496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     20700999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       20771495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        70496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     20700999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      20771495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.382285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.382285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.024271                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.024271                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.061429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.061429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.024271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.069651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.024271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         207753                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              207753                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1243174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              7008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             7008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       209359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1236433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           207575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          207575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1243174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        17952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      4324152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      4349112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        20000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               4369112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       320000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    105559936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        28032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    105907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       366976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        28032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       395008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              106302976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         5765886                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          8674760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.664649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.472113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                2909092     33.54%     33.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                5765668     66.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            8674760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           2474798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              3504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             3504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       415886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2463917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           413167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          413167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2474798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      4318908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        21262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      4340170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      4323311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      4323311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               8663481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    105508224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       408384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    105916608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    105557888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    105557888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              211474496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           19138                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          5793932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.003263                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.057033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                5775024     99.67%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  18908      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            5793932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      1442639                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.858318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      1442639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.125507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    13.731137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.132844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.858196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     24711486                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     24711486                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       208152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       208152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       206572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       206572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1234185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1234642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1440757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      1441214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1440757                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      1441214                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       208152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       208152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       206580                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       206580                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1234185                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1234642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1440765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      1441222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1440765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      1441222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       208143                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       208143                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2124                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.452727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.212806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.422588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     8.101018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.929121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.151412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.506314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.183070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        72904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        72904                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          107                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          111                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          111                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4198                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5586                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4248                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         5636                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         5747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         5747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.975145                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.981205                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.974535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.980686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.974535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.980686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          120                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2105                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.332414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.068884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.854178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     9.183755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.294481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.053386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.573985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.205905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.833276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        71088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        71088                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         5624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4236                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         5624                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4198                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5586                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         5636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.940000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.940000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          110                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      1442632                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.854324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      1442632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.381412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    13.471158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.148838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.841947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     24711328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     24711328                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       208143                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       208143                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       206567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       206567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1234185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1234642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1440752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      1441209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1440752                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      1441209                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       208143                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       208143                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       206572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       206572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1234185                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1234642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1440757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      1441214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1440757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      1441214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999976                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999976                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       208133                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       208133                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          1297665995                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             11583                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       480331574                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          896588344                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             1923                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      183503268                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          2194254339                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             13506                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       663834842                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         4097515945                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               31                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     4097515976                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              6829141085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         6829127548                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           6829127548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   5470844551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    1455260855                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls          208913527                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    398998717                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          5470844551                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           1455260855                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   8750604759                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   3889585876                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   1685820584                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   1176504390                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           2194351948                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         1297758105                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         896593843                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles        6829141085                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                706557902                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    303146751      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       2980359124     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           32380      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      581616654      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       73256800      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       83554403      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult     224653600      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv       15296001      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt       3276800      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      1297802972     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      896600887     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess     369544682      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        6829141054                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          1297552488                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             11565                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       480358041                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          896596388                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             1905                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      183502865                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          2194148876                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             13470                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       663860906                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         4098035858                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               26                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     4098035884                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              6829849601                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         6828965468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           6828965468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   5470585762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    1455376284                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls          208846823                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    398967704                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          5470585762                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           1455376284                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   8750419151                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   3889379169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   1685923450                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   1176593654                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           2194243961                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         1297642107                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         896601854                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      162138.821982                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      6829687462.178018                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.999976                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.000024                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                706457927                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass    303194207      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       2980105362     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           25081      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      581673137      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       73254300      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       83571303      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult     224666600      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv       15296101      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt       3276800      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      1297663950     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      896601890     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess     369650207      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        6828978938                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        1240228                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           3504                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          3504                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       208263                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1235521                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          116                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          165                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          281                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        206622                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       206622                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1240228                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      4324126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      4324126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        20928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        20928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            4345054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    105558848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    105558848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       396416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       396416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           105955264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      4340262                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       7234232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.599900                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.489918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             2894419     40.01%     40.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             4339813     59.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         7234232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184210                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184209635500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6281826107500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               94146649                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 94146642                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1157722246                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 767028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   159.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 14980032911                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14980032911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       265664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       147456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       111616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            613184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       265664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       111616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       377280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        76544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          76544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         4151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1442183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       800479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       605918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       480149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3328729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1442183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       605918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2048101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         415527                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              415527                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         415527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1442183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       800479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       605918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       480149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             3744256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        96768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      2000704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        28864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       578752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2721472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        96768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        28864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      1836416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1836416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        31261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         9043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              42523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        28694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             28694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       525315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     10861017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       156691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      3141812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide          88942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             14773777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       525315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       156691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          682006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        9969164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             9969164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        9969164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       525315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     10861017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       156691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      3141812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide         88942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            24742940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      18                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    471443                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    3854     38.94%     38.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     96      0.97%     39.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      1.91%     41.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     41.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   5757     58.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                9897                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     3854     48.22%     48.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      96      1.20%     49.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      2.36%     51.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    3853     48.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 7993                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            183538582000     99.75%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                7186000      0.00%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 173500      0.00%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              449282000      0.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184004484500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.669272                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.807618                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.28%      0.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.28%      0.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                       347     96.93%     97.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      0.28%     97.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.28%     98.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.28%     98.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.28%     98.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.56%     99.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.84%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   358                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   25      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8942      1.90%      1.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1089      0.23%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     669      0.14%      2.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 368      0.08%      2.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.00%      2.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             459474     97.64%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                470576                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              695                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                569                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                570                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  569                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.820144                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.901108                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1992387500      1.08%      1.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        181949884500     98.92%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      25                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           108586                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.824765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           84392152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           108897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           774.972240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.824765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.607422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        168385950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       168385950                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     53756903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       53756903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     29980579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      29980579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       145216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       145216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       147032                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       147032                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     83737482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        83737482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     83737482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       83737482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        67853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        67853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        38969                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        38969                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       106822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        106822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       106822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       106822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     53824756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53824756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     30019548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     30019548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       147310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       147310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       147051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       147051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     83844304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     83844304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     83844304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     83844304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014215                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014215                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        64782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            64782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           376528                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         2537654110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           377040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          6730.463903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        736101603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       736101603                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    367486002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      367486002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    367486002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       367486002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    367486002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      367486002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       376533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       376533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       376533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        376533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       376533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       376533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    367862535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    367862535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    367862535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    367862535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    367862535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    367862535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       376528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           376528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     189                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      5189                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1098     31.15%     31.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      5.36%     36.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     36.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   2237     63.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                3525                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1096     46.03%     46.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      7.94%     53.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     54.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1095     45.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 2381                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184165020000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              108914500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184283307500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998179                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.489495                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.675461                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1      6.67%      6.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         2     13.33%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      6.67%     26.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      6.67%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        3     20.00%     53.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.67%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     26.67%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      6.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    15                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  107      2.77%      2.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.13%      2.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2979     77.24%     80.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    380      9.85%     90.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     90.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     356      9.23%     99.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  24      0.62%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  3857                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              272                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                164                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                190                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                164                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  164                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.602941                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.523962                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         204780500      0.11%      0.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            83696000      0.05%      0.16% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        183994893000     99.84%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     107                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            15009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          474.109790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             601246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            38.737581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   474.109790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.925996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           601100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          601100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       150979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         150979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       121967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        121967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          272946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       272946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         272946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7692                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7692                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           56                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         15345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        15345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       158632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       158632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       129659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       129659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2286                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       288291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       288291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       288291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       288291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.059325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.062391                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.062391                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024497                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024497                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             8940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             6064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         2903548488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         441604.332776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1654217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1654217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       818011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         818011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       818011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          818011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       818011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         818011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          6065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         6065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         6065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       824076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       824076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       824076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       824076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       824076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             6064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1094                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1094                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    21964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        970582                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       485434                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           16506                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        16500                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 596                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             447076                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        64782                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       376527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            43801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              296                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             19                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             315                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            38673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         376533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         69947                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1129593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       328939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                1458532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     48195840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     11101748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                59297588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           134236                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           1105781                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.014944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.121374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 1089262     98.51%     98.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   16513      1.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             1105781                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         42682                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21257                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           50                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8841                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8832                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              13861                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8940                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6048                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6036                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             56                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             182                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7566                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7566                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           6065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        18178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        46446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  64624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       775232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1556856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2332088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           101533                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            144279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.062046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.241499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  135336     93.80%     93.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    8934      6.19%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       9      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              144279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               40644                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3937.373572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               2850358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               43641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               65.313765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2503.833473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.998143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   681.666999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   750.874958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.611287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.166423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.183319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.961273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.731689                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses             7844326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses            7844326                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        64782                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        64782                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       376527                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       376527                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        13227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           13227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       370870                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       370870                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        61212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        61212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       370870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        74439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             445309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       370870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        74439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            445309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          296                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          296                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25446                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         25446                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8735                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8735                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        34181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            39844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        34181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           39844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        64782                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        64782                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       376527                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       376527                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        38673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        38673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       376533                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       376533                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        69947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        69947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       376533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       108620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         485153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       376533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       108620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        485153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.657978                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.657978                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015040                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.015040                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.124880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.124880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.314684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.082127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.314684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          25884                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               25884                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               13230                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3998.985217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1732136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               17268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs              100.309011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   745.382298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   363.468724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2887.134195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.181978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.088737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.704867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.976315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2912                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              362418                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             362418                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6048                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         6048                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3869                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3869                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3435                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3435                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2195                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2195                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        11204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            13399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        11204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           13399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6048                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6048                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         6064                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         6064                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         6064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          21426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         6064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         21426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.904441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.904441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.361972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.361972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.559389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.559389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.361972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.729332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.625362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.361972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.729332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.625362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3787                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3787                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             18324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           15386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            56                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            25426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           25426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        17728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        18247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       100573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       121306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        10125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                132207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       483328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3719104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      4206452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       224512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       226040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                4449132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           86387                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           174537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.491334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  88781     50.87%     50.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  85756     49.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             174537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             14761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        28842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           16695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            57                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            32134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        29175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        10667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        39842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       100601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       100601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                140443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       872704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       227064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1099768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3748928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      3748928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                4848696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           20641                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           114451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.179832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.384049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  93869     82.02%     82.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  20582     17.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             114451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        33275                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.961838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           20                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        33289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.530227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.050475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     5.381136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.658139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.336321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       599441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       599441                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25081                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25081                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25062                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        25062                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6698                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8210                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        31760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        33272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        31760                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        33272                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25081                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25081                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        25068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8214                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        33282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        33282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        25064                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        25064                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3245                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.132046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           38                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.011653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.004112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     8.147140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.980794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.509196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.373800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        58408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        58408                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          148                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          148                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1582                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3372                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          148                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          148                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1586                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3330                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998799                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          144                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          144                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3240                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.131957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           35                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.010749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.003395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     8.147550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.981013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.509222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.373813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        58339                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        58339                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          144                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          144                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1582                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1627                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3371                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          144                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          144                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          137                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          137                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        33258                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.945738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        33269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.486592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.043666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.415480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.717912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.275967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       599458                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       599458                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25064                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25064                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25061                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        25317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6693                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        31754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        33522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        31754                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        33522                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25064                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25064                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        25318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        33528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        33528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999254                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        25055                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        25055                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            53512781                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               282                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        52906894                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           30167650                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               26                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       29620558                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            83680431                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               308                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        82527452                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          364018548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              261                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      364018809                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               368008835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          367862215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            367862215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    358956256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       1050502                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            8553544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     31446431                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           358956256                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              1050502                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    563123226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    293352078                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads       984023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes       459349                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             84140898                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           53972944                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          30167954                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      555868.120707                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      367452966.879293                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.998490                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.001510                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 43963136                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass      4179505      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        275771507     74.97%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         2702596      0.73%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd         197119      0.05%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp          65537      0.02%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt         131077      0.04%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv             16      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        54134914     14.72%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       30168998      8.20%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        511265      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         367862535                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              159930                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               698                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           35872                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             131980                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              141                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16388                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              291910                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               839                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   26                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           52260                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             223081                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              277                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         223358                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               368567137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             823211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               823211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       789427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          3712                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              21520                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        77335                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              789427                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 3712                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1102671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       573310                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         2421                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         2405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               294281                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             161634                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            132647                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      367742643.218113                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      824493.781887                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.002237                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.997763                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   108148                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        14207      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           479874     58.23%     59.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            1528      0.19%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           1189      0.14%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            230      0.03%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          166029     20.15%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         132717     16.10%     96.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         28302      3.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            824076                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          11536                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            191                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           191                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25208                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12147                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          169                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          207                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         25364                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        25364                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11536                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       101296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       101296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        10655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        10655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             111951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      3749888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      3749888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       226552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       226552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             3976440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        70513                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        144471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.483267                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               74653     51.67%     51.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               69818     48.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          144471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
