
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000360                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   359862000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2275351153500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              181513365                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                181508837                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              320183085                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1374876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   203997807                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     203997807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        67904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        94976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       252224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       121088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         121088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310696878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    189228093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93546971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data    188694555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296647048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data    263923393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1342736938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310696878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93546971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296647048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       700890897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      336484541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           336484541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      336484541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst    310696878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    189228093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst     93546971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data    188694555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst    296647048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data    263923393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1679221479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       104896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       478912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            608320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       455232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         455232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         7483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               9505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst     30767350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    291489515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3379073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23831358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9959373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data   1330821259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data       177846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1690425774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst     30767350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3379073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9959373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        44105796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1265018257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1265018257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1265018257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst     30767350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    291489515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3379073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23831358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      9959373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data   1330821259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data       177846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2955444031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         450.855532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   450.280244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.575289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.879454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle                 1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.855520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs                11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs            5.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   443.280585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.574934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.865782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         240.841510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   240.266930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.574580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.469271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.470394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.296875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362587000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362751500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         445.930794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   445.356569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.574226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.869837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                      570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                    162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31                   177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total                340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                     162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                    161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total                 324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0              141246000     91.48%     91.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.11%     91.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31              12994000      8.42%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total          154404500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpctx                  12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl                 321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                     18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total                  363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel              31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user                17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel                18                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user                  17                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         62905500     75.78%     75.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user           20102000     24.22%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                     12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements            4770                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         465.946923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs             68293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            4770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           14.317191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    24.669632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   441.277291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.048183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.861870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.910053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          131350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses         131350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         31414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        25757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total          57171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total         57171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         4897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4897                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         4897                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        34169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        27899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total        62068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total        62068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.080629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.076777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.175207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.175207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.078897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.078897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements            2451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs            287079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs            2451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          117.127295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    27.241417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   484.757956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.053206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.946793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses          343688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses         343688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        168166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         168166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        168166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       170618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       170618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total            2451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                      790                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                     98     47.57%     47.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.97%     48.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31                   106     51.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total                206                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                      98     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      1.02%     51.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                     96     48.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total                 196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0              355847000     98.06%     98.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.09%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31               6724500      1.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362902000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.905660                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.951456                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpctx                  58     20.86%     21.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      1.44%     22.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl                 135     48.56%     71.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.36%     71.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                     69     24.82%     96.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      3.24%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total                  278                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel             127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user                67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel                67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                  67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1923778500     99.58%     99.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user            8186500      0.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                     58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements            1957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.521610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs             39440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            1957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           20.153296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    60.945594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   361.576016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.119034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.706203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           82044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          82044                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         23700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        12919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total          36619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total         36619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          685                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          685                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        25317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.063870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.050353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements            1288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs            107905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           83.777174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   204.211792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   307.788208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.398851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.601149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses          286330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses         286330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       142521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       142521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total            1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                     1220                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                    250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31                   247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total                498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                     248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                    247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total                 496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0              558545000     98.28%     98.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30                112000      0.02%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31               9664000      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total          568321000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::3                        1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::6                        1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::17                       1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::33                       1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::45                       3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::71                       4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::74                       1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::total                   12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wripir                  15      2.57%      2.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpctx                  53      9.08%     11.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl                 397     67.98%     79.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.17%     79.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.17%     79.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                    100     17.12%     97.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::callsys                 15      2.57%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::imb                      2      0.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total                  584                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel             152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                96                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                  97                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1710277500     95.77%     95.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user           75503500      4.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                     53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements           12242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.584633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs            151632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           12242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           12.386211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.542899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   318.041733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.204185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.621175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          357062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses         357062                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        77203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         77203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         157304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        157304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        86932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.067326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.078579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements            4461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.875801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs            332797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs            4461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           74.601435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   206.497750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   305.378051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.403316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.596442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses          917215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses         917215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        451913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         451913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        451913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       456376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       456376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       456376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total            4461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.188543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   357.043521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     1.145022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.697351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.699587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.697266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         369.100797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   367.956043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     1.144754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.718664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse                511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         407.266658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs                15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  15                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   406.122258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     1.144400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.793208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.795443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.520126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   400.376080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     1.144045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.781985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         397.427353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   396.283662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     1.143691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.773992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         403.427340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   402.284003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     1.143337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.785711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.787944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.427328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   394.284345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     1.142983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.770087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362641000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.427315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   400.284687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     1.142628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.781806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total            128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total           128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                        4                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                     2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31                     1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total                  4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                      2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                      1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total                   4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362596000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30                195000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 14500      0.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362805500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl                   2     66.67%     66.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                      1     33.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total                    3                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.990385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs               131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   440.564746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     3.425640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.860478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses            342                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total            148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total           148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses             920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses            920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total            460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total           460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            30                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2631                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1923                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          708                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     59                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                    1120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45230                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             44776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.088284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.419833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   42130     94.09%     94.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1933      4.32%     98.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     362      0.81%     99.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     108      0.24%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                     243      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               44776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         55360                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25497                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         6100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           21627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17968                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3659                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              18450                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5902                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              289                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             81                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             370                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        14567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        36744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  79746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       275648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       491280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       122688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       206104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       486080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1313408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2895472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            56672                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            112017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.374890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.738291                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   82266     73.44%     73.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   21951     19.60%     93.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4074      3.64%     96.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                    3009      2.69%     99.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                     717      0.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              112017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            31                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2386                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1424                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          962                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                    1184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            54406                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             54361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.477685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   51962     95.59%     95.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1433      2.64%     98.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                     197      0.36%     98.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                     246      0.45%     99.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                     523      0.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               54361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests            48                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1038                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          133                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          905                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                     91                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                    1376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            43033                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             43053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.562003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   41999     97.55%     97.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                     144      0.33%     97.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.04%     97.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                      86      0.20%     98.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                     808      1.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               43053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3030.137506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1119.697588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   445.996011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   573.441437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.002462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.273364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.108154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.108886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.108154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.140000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.739780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.678955                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               19131                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3996.765799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               19131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.131357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1732.846897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    20.479816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.557268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     2.285339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     4.017639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     0.340970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     1.183750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   355.927971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   370.551446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   128.161475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   143.871692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   440.497943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   762.043594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.423058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.005000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.008437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.000981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.086896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.090467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.031289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.107543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.186046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.975773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987793                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              438296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             438296                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11802                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11802                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5616                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5616                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          413                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             701                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2738                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4012                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          811                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2398                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4203                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2811                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          171                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1738                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8652                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4190                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5848                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            18690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           18690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11802                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11802                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5616                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5616                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          185                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          214                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1934                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          643                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2813                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          27606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         27606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.794595                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.894737                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.799065                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.898656                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.856921                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.939050                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.925051                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386374                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.510851                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.646641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487358                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.576025                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.581833                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.749315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.773890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.677027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.749315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.773890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           9023                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                9023                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   2                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3691.823518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                       2                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   650.019606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst           31                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           20                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst         1957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data  1031.231150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.158696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.007568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.004883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.477783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.251765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.901324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900635                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                 201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                201                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2091.902697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                     1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                       1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   543.713329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   253.429173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   436.617444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.571809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.570937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.132743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.104004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.061872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.029297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.041748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.106596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.510718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.510742                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                 317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses                317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total                 5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total               10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total              10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total             15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total            15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       643200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       643440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 643920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           31893                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            44762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.694339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.460692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  13682     30.57%     30.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  31080     69.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              44762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        54754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        54754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 54754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1770096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1770096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1770096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           37542                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            73331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.511434                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  35827     48.86%     48.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  37504     51.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              73331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           54516                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            54348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     24      0.04%      0.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  54324     99.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              54348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              3192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            52                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        29288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        29288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 29356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1064320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1064320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1064992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           23285                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            43036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.540106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  19792     45.99%     45.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  23244     54.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              43036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     6.169086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.168396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.000689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.323025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.385568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           26                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           26                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        18974                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.659510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           74                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        18974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.003900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.014843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.826804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.789571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.642234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.794059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.880868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     3.708862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.438428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.049348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.117554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.231804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       313058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       313058                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         8592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        18627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9567                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        18627                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1734                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        18632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        18632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         9017                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         9017                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            3                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    12.857558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.428210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     8.856585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.026763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.125000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.553537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.035797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.803597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses          143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses          143                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    10.000486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.625030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses          102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses          102                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8166                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.816353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.003429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.003792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.003881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.058044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     1.193446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.875559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     1.097789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.891760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     1.689871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.375237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.128628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.074590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.068612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.180735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       118499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       118499                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1901                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1901                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          914                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         8158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1129                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1691                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         8158                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1901                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1901                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         8160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         8160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.998907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998371                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1892                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1892                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        10283                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.707259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            5                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        10283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.543735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.137525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.304129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.066043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.380974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.095863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     4.176458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.658983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.019008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.004128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.023811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.261029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       170378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       170378                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         6334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          366                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         9517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1639                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7496                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         9517                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1273                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          366                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3184                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         9520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         9520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999594                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         7113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         7113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles             4550290358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     4547957439.912739                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     2332918.087261                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles             4550290443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     4547957524.869160                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles     2332918.130841                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles             4550290528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     4547957609.825581                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     2332918.174420                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles             4550290613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     4547957694.782001                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     2332918.217999                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits              34660                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses               90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses           8137                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits             28485                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses              15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses          4579                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits              63145                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses              105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses          12716                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits             43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses              94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses         43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                 308115                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            170506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              170506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses       164689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses          245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls              4341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts        17797                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts             164689                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                 245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads       227176                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes       116687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs               63409                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts             34864                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts            28545                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     235033.347007                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles     73081.652993                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.237190                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.762810                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches                   23476                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass         2828      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu           99733     58.45%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult            169      0.10%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd            30      0.02%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead          35817     20.99%     81.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite         28825     16.89%     98.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess         3216      1.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total           170618                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits              25247                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses              326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses           1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits             13974                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses              38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses           875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits              39221                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses              364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                  21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses           2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits             23169                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses             125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses         23294                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles             4550290892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            142136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              142136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses       136789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses          297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls              2883                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts        17898                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts             136789                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                 297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads       181272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes       103637                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs               40329                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts             26131                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts            14198                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     3648456727.521978                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles     901834164.478022                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.198193                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.801807                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches                   21878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass         2791      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu           91808     64.42%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult            111      0.08%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd            25      0.02%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead          27178     19.07%     85.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite         14207      9.97%     95.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess         6398      4.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total           142521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits              83593                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses              372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses          34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits             88152                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses             106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses         15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits             171745                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses              478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses          49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits            162061                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses             152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses        162213                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles             4550702308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            455893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              455893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses       438900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses         3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls              8667                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts        48447                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts             438900                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads       630648                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes       298010                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs              172871                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts             84433                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts            88438                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     1664153469.983451                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles     2886548838.016549                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.634308                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.365692                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches                   60008                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.13%      2.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu          260547     57.09%     59.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult            513      0.11%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd          1172      0.26%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv           227      0.05%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead          86680     18.99%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite         88517     19.40%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess         9003      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total           456376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles             4550290868                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     4547957949.651263                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles     2332918.348737                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles             4550290953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     4547958034.607684                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     2332918.392316                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles             4550291038                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     4547958119.564105                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     2332918.435895                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles             4550291123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     4547958204.520526                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles     2332918.479474                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles             4550291208                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     4547958289.476947                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles     2332918.523054                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles             4550291293                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     4547958374.433368                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles     2332918.566633                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles             4550291378                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     4547958459.389789                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles     2332918.610212                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles             4550291463                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     4547958544.346209                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles     2332918.653791                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                 97                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                72                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits                169                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits                97                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses            97                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles             4550291638                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts               460                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                 460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses          433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls                16                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts           36                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts                433                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads          580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes          323                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                 170                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts                97                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts               73                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     4547389714.684898                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles     2901923.315102                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.000638                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.999362                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches                      60                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu             251     54.57%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead            108     23.48%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite            74     16.09%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess           25      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total              460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9018                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5900                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          305                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          285                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8610                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8592                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        22219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        30667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        52886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              52967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       651120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1118272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1769392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1770480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        18496                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         54346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.340099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.473746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               35863     65.99%     65.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               18483     34.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           54346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
