
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000354                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354483500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261610494000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              126990171                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                126986561                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              381875431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 758172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117874688                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117874688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        80000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        29248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        30912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       123584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        67648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            344832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        80000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        30912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       123584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       234496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        23360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          23360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          365                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               365                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    225680462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     82508777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     87202930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     37914318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    348631177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    190835399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            972773063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    225680462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     87202930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    348631177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       661514570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       65898695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            65898695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       65898695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    225680462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     82508777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     87202930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     37914318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    348631177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    190835399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1038671758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       170304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        73344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       565312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            847616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        38656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       534976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         534976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     92799806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    480428567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9568852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    206903847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6680142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1594748416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2391129629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     92799806                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9568852                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6680142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       109048799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1509170385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1509170385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1509170385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     92799806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    480428567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      9568852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    206903847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      6680142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1594748416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3900300014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138890000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151149500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61907500     75.49%     75.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.411951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.920398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.636656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.775296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130024                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.042553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.240629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.612312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.359644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       165986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       165986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351533000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357319000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.43%      5.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1020498500     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.290441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.197823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.202686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.087755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.042017                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042017                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.342457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.461631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357055500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357220000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.192151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.042663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551004500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560437500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509912500     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.441197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.263819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.177378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064642                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.064642                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.355467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.515709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22095                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11266                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9528                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8780                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          748                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8329                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             46                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3751                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       518928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       202456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1156264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45119                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             67102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.195315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.423913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   54752     81.60%     81.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   11594     17.28%     98.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     756      1.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               67102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34359                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17045                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11450                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10037                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1413                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8042                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               79                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             86                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             165                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1338464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1831080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            34590                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             68604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.222115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.462576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   54779     79.85%     79.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   12412     18.09%     97.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1413      2.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               68604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9338                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3859.612369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  7003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.749946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2076.225213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   103.293493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   230.551220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    66.844987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   104.412623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   409.163670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   415.150001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   178.969849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   275.001312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.506891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.025218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.056287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.016320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.025491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.099893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.101355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.043694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.067139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.942288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912354                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              178136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             178136                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3975                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3975                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3044                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3044                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          321                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          718                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          733                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1451                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          957                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          626                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1583                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          718                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1760                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1764                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2300                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1978                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          940                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2918                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1483                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7521                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3975                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3975                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3044                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3044                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2935                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989583                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.845747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.852433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.847314                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.710717                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.422380                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.613170                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.673935                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.600255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.648300                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.710717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.745215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.422380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.673173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.685597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.710717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.745215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.422380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.673173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.685597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3719                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3719                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               12820                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3823.385226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 15175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               12820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.183697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1788.259898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   486.337500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   435.008076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   182.457829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   196.659411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.007055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   262.997272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   471.658185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.436587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.118735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.106203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.044545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.048013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.064208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.115151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.933444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          731                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1630                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              285086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             285086                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8042                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8042                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2291                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2291                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2057                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2058                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               4873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2291                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              4873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1980                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1980                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3939                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3940                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            12267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           12267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8042                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8042                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987013                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987342                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.923737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.923737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.463592                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.463592                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.656938                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.656886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.463592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.799409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.715694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.463592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.799409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.715694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5040                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5040                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              8226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        22152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 30611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       167808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       551360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       719208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       207104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       207144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 926352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           29840                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            50871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.578896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.493741                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  21422     42.11%     42.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  29449     57.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              50871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        25741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         9410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        35151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        15215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        15215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 50366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       896640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       209704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1106344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       547776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       547776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1654120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           10773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            44593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.240195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.427206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  33882     75.98%     75.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  10711     24.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              44593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6274                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.326304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           99                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.015779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.264894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.447103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.822028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.175993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.614337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.704056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.027944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.051377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.163396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        94689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        94689                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3537                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3537                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           29                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           67                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          532                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2254                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1523                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2795                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         5049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3245                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1237                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         5049                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3537                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3537                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           67                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1728                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1525                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          725                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2817                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         5078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         5078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998124                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998689                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.972414                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992190                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.983307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.983307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3516                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3516                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3144                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.910838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.033079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.641216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.549628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.092245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.457554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.729237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.059766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.381191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.102576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.159352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.068265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.091097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.045577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.253735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.273824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        53266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        53266                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           24                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1932                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1081                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3013                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1126                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3058                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1943                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3035                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.957447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.957447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994339                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.989927                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992751                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          189                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3138                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.900658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.021351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.256098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.549590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.092261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.458034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.728780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.249825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.566070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.078506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.159349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.068266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.091127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.045549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.265614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.285379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        52994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        52994                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1931                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1931                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1122                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3053                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3013                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999482                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996300                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998341                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          183                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          183                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6261                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.182946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           46                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.007347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.254553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.428061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.841591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.160865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.496034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.640910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.026754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.052599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.156002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        94154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        94154                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3516                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3516                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           67                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1522                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2793                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         5046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3244                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1235                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         5046                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3516                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3516                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           67                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2253                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1523                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2795                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         5048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         5048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999343                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999284                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         3513                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         3513                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33924                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28432                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4588                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62356                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17156                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160067                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220693                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112835                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62620                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34128                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28492                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230952.548400                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70652.451600                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234255                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765745                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22553                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2863      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95839     57.74%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35088     21.14%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28772     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            165986                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522813910                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655279964.030834                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867533945.969167                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191813                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808187                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522813796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520459781.940084                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2354014.059915                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523220989                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644034485.755185                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2879186503.244815                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636535                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363465                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5808                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3705                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4940                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          106                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           78                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          167                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2298                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2298                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5808                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        15865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        15865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         9353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              25218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       548096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       548096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       207848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       207848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              755944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        31195                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         47682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.644730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.478600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16940     35.53%     35.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               30742     64.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           47682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000719                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   718571000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2262685574000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               72198918                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 72197765                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              432402464                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 763292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   119977215                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     119977215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        90624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        32000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       402112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       182592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        29824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            752896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        90624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       402112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        29824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       527296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       981376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         981376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         6283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              11764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        15334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             15334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6590859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      3206364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    126116974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     44532830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    559599539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    254104327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     41504597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     12112930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1047768418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6590859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    126116974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    559599539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     41504597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       733811968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1365732823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1365732823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1365732823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6590859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      3206364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    126116974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     44532830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    559599539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    254104327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     41504597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     12112930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          2413501241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        34880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       175424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       254336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       350016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            848064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        34880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        52800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       764800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         764800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         5469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        11950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             11950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       356263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     48540784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    244128973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     24938385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    353946931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     21197627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      487100092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1180209054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     48540784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     24938385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        73479169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1064334631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1064334631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1064334631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       356263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     48540784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    244128973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     24938385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    353946931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     21197627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     487100092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2244543685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       177                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                      74     41.81%     41.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     25     14.12%     55.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.56%     56.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                     77     43.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 177                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                       74     42.53%     42.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      25     14.37%     56.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.57%     57.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                      74     42.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  174                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               912471000     98.61%     98.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1875000      0.20%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     98.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               10832500      1.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           925343000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.961039                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.983051                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  127     84.11%     84.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      24     15.89%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   151                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               26                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               38                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          440.887589                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               38                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    6                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   440.887589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.861109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.861109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            20519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           20519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          144                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          144                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         9812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total            9812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         9812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total           9812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total            79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.058824                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.058824                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               15                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               79                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               5156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            65.265823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            67297                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           67297                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        33530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          33530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        33530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           33530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        33530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          33530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        33609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        33609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        33609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        33609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        33609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       656                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     167     47.71%     47.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     48.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    182     52.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 350                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      167     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     166     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  334                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               216300000     94.59%     94.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.07%     94.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12211500      5.34%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           228676000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.912088                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.954286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.71%      3.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.53%      4.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  328     87.00%     91.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     91.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      21      5.57%     97.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.39%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   377                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.750000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65245500     47.21%     47.21% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            72958500     52.79%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.707700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              95048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.267922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   501.707700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.979898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           205923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          205923                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        54153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          54153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        39720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         39720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        93873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           93873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        93873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          93873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2217                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2217                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        57155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        57155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        41937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        99092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        99092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        99092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        99092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.052524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.052865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.161085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049521                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049521                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.052668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.052668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.979333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             442728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           163.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.101183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.878149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           555463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          555463                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       273665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         273665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       273665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          273665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       273665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         273665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       276376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       276376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       276376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       276376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       276376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       276376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      66                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4271                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     955     38.96%     38.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.73%     39.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     39.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1477     60.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2451                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      954     49.53%     49.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.93%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     953     49.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1926                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               755732000     81.66%     81.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.14%     81.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     81.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              168352000     18.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           925483000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998953                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.645227                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.785802                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3     20.00%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      6.67%     26.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     26.67%     53.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.67%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      6.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.67%     73.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      6.67%     80.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      6.67%     86.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      6.67%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      6.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    15                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.14%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  157      5.40%      5.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.21%      5.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2243     77.11%     82.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     87      2.99%     85.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     85.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     189      6.50%     92.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  30      1.03%     93.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.07%     93.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                189      6.50%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2909                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              345                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                169                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                168                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  169                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.486957                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.655642                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1655773000     97.17%     97.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            48253000      2.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     157                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            14254                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          476.283874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             286734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.116038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    46.935120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   429.348754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.091670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.838572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           642583                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          642583                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       179144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         179144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       112059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        112059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       291203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          291203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       291203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         291203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         14232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        14232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       188975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       188975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       116460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       116460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4306                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4306                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       305435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       305435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       305435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       305435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.052023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.111008                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111008                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019677                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.019677                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            22719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1010881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.494960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    89.075173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   422.924827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.173975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.826025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2049921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2049921                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       990882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         990882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       990882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          990882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       990882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         990882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         22719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        22719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1013601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1013601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1013601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1013601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1013601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1013601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        22719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            22719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        62                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      22     40.74%     40.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      5.56%     46.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     29     53.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  54                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       22     47.83%     47.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      6.52%     54.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      21     45.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   46                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               431429000     99.08%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.08%     99.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                3665500      0.84%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           435446000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.724138                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.851852                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      5.17%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   50     86.21%     91.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      5.17%     96.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       2      3.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    58                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          420.855753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.456814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   420.855753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.821984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.821984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.802734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            14030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           14030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            5962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           5962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.114562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.114562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.096940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.096940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              58364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            64.776915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            38405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           38405                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           17851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          17851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        18752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        18752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 155                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1277952                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        157                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  380                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 380                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               20389                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              20389                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        40028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        40028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   41538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1677                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1278320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1278320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1279997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                20014                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                20014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               180126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              180126                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               46                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           19968                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                19968                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         16267                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8327                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          631                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9558                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8096                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1462                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3134                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2402                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             40                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             144                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2790                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  24391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       534544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  872942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            96627                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            112996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.110057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.351909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  102023     90.29%     90.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    9510      8.42%     98.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1463      1.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              112996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         77484                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        38268                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        10312                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           26188                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        20010                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6178                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              34525                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7650                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        16013                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             99                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          23620                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10720                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        60684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        42287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 107402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2429760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1404795                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       106752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        57700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 3999007                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            90061                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            167629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.313681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.537651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  121230     72.32%     72.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   40217     23.99%     96.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    6181      3.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              167629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7507                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3890.428795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.693752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2124.093822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3.441839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    15.511636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4.218541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     8.610149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    57.270388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    48.762014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   696.811569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   931.708838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.518578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.003787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.011905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.170120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.227468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.949812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              134901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             134901                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2402                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2402                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             315                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          750                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          755                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          879                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          882                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               1952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              1952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           84                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1961                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2035                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           60                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           68                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2402                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2402                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           84                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2790                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           8079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          8079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.852113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.852666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936709                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.723349                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.729391                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.715350                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.720089                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.957746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.723349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.771177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.758386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.957746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.723349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.771177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.758386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3124                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3124                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               18040                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3940.139482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 25309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.402938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1708.609307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    27.761686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    30.267788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     9.928283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    11.110986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   768.221378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   525.986115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   397.698852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   460.555086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.417141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.006778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.007390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.002424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.002713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.187554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.128415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.097094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.112440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.961948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966309                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              558936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             558936                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        16013                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        16013                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          981                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             996                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        16153                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          435                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6079                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          152                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6231                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        16153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              23815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        16153                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             23815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           74                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          3417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6566                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         7032                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4093                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4299                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            14748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          387                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           14748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        16013                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        16013                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22719                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        23620                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10172                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          38563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         38563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.959596                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.986667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987342                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.767370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.923469                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.774303                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.289009                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.517203                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.297714                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.402379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.575419                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.408262                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.289009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.509347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.517203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.698556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.382439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.289009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.509347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.517203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.698556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.382439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4228                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4228                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             13424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        23972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        12793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        18501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        24603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        25611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        42992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        17050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        60042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                104154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       142016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       449856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       592494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       685440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1055                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       686495                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       916480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       364416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1280896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2559885                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           32894                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           101446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.319766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.466388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  69007     68.02%     68.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  32439     31.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             101446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             13795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        15283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        26992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        42275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        29174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        29174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 71449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       524544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       689695                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1214239                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                2386463                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           51735                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            98894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.522256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  47246     47.77%     47.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  51648     52.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              98894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        10857                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.831667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        10857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.009487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.597732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.024224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.574142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.135219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.500349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.849858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.070951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.031272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       172868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       172868                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8638                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8638                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           23                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1782                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1782                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1694                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2280                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3476                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4062                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8638                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8638                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1782                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1782                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.586957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990013                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.586957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.586957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         8629                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         8629                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         9593                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.848844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           99                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         9593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.010320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.797381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     8.137739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.238599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.288465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.386660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.112336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.508609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.202412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.143029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.024166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       138980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       138980                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1088                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1091                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1858                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         9839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6284                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2946                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         9839                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1089                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6286                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8766                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         9858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         9858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999082                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999682                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997947                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          891                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          891                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         9576                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.852046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           62                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         9576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.577908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     8.257541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.181324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.448255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.387018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.098619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.516096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.198833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.153016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.024189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       138689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       138689                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1087                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1090                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6283                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1852                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         9830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6283                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2939                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         9830                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1091                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1858                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8748                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         9839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         9839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999081                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996771                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999086                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          880                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          880                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        10848                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.850746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           47                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        10848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.512078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.028328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.641304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.168444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.500592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.844505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.040082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.073028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.031287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       177977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       177977                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         7413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1693                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2279                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3474                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9692                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1782                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999410                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999561                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         8624                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         8624                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                6603                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits               3843                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               10446                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits               3653                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses           3653                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1851019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts              33609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                33609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        32298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               3072                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         2332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               32298                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads        41009                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        24916                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                10497                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts               6653                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts              3844                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1807733.646744                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      43285.353256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.023385                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.976615                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                     5833                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          153      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            21443     63.80%     64.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              25      0.07%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead            7204     21.43%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite           3844     11.44%     97.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess           940      2.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total             33609                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               57652                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           31213                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              42542                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          18404                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              100194                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           49617                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             149769                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         149890                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  456906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             276219                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               276219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       267213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           385                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               7195                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        29569                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              267213                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  385                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       366045                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       191772                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               100525                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              57911                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             42614                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      369000.503396                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      87905.496604                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.192393                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.807607                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    38921                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5181      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           165310     59.81%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             160      0.06%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           58908     21.31%     83.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          42895     15.52%     98.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3873      1.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            276376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              191941                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               705                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           15783                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             120745                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              153                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses           9983                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              312686                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               858                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   22                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           25766                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             132304                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              463                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         132767                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1851107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1012721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1012721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       974696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          2703                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              34123                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       103163                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              974696                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 2703                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1325596                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       736462                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1170                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1188                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               315564                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             194179                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            121385                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      545017.835658                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1306089.164342                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.705572                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.294428                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   147782                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        15740      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           646961     63.83%     65.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2253      0.22%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            483      0.05%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          202035     19.93%     85.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         121801     12.02%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         24310      2.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1013601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3452                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              24                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                6697                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              24                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                784                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            784                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                  870897                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              18750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                18750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        18165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                810                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1882                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               18165                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        25089                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        12597                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 6727                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3471                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3256                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      859536.462185                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      11360.537815                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.013045                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.986955                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     2898                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          207      1.10%      1.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            11385     60.71%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              38      0.20%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.06%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3566     19.02%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3261     17.39%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           284      1.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             18752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          11213                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            319                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           319                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9520                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6727                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          121                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          173                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8508                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8505                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11028                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        29756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        29756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        26939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        26939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              56695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1172672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1172672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       687775                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       687775                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1860447                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        64182                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        100122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.635595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.481265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               36485     36.44%     36.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               63637     63.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          100122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.399469                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                399468712500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2662154286500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1191064                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1191064                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              214958705                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 764316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1858.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2213415113                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2213415113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5753088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    157516160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5273792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    158685440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     87246016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7796736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    241903936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         666351680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5753088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5273792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2176512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7796736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     21000128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     11585408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11585408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        89892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      2461190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        82403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      2479460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        34008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1363219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst       121824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      3779749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           10411745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       181022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            181022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     14401849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    394314135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     13202015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    397241223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5448517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    218405130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     19517764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    605564162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1668094795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     14401849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     13202015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5448517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     19517764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        52570145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       29002041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            29002041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       29002041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     14401849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    394314135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     13202015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    397241223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5448517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    218405130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     19517764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    605564162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1697096836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       559552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      1971392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       464512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2505600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       291072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2467904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1411712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      6375040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          16046784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       559552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       464512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       291072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1411712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      2726848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      8062400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        8062400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         8743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        30803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         7258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        39150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        38561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        22058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        99610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             250731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       125975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            125975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1400740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      4935035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1162824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      6272331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       728648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      6177966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3533974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     15958797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             40170315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1400740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1162824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       728648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3533974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         6826187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       20182807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            20182807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       20182807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1400740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      4935035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1162824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      6272331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       728648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      6177966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3533974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     15958797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            60353122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   15652                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    640830                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  103909     43.12%     43.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     85      0.04%     43.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    411      0.17%     43.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                  15513      6.44%     49.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 121077     50.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              240995                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   103909     49.88%     49.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      85      0.04%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     411      0.20%     50.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                   15513      7.45%     57.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   88396     42.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               208314                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            365618501500     91.54%     91.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6375000      0.00%     91.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               20105500      0.01%     91.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1738050000      0.44%     91.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            32041966000      8.02%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        399424998000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.730081                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.864391                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                12713      4.29%      4.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                31016     10.46%     14.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               183646     61.92%     76.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   2499      0.84%     77.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   41341     13.94%     91.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys               25331      8.54%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                 17      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                296563                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            72355                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              25561                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              25561                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                25561                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.353272                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.522101                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      183130032000     45.96%     45.96% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        215313387000     54.04%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                   31016                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5359672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.789122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          140931017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5359672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.294709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   500.789122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.978104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        301550521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       301550521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    119113802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      119113802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     21701306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21701306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       146837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       146837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        93571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        93571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    140815108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       140815108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    140815108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      140815108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5730158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5730158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       675234                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       675234                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       122028                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       122028                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       164314                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       164314                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6405392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       6405392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      6405392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      6405392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    124843960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    124843960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22376540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22376540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       268865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       268865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       257885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       257885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    147220500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    147220500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    147220500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    147220500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.045899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.030176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.453863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.453863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.637160                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.637160                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.043509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.043509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       431273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           431273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1027851                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          387674686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1027851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           377.170121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1033768929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1033768929                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    515342688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      515342688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    515342688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       515342688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    515342688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      515342688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1027851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1027851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1027851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1027851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1027851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1027851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    516370539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    516370539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    516370539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    516370539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    516370539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    516370539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1027851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1027851                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   15638                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    633521                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                  104289     43.13%     43.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    410      0.17%     43.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                  15511      6.42%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 121567     50.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              241777                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                   104289     49.90%     49.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     410      0.20%     50.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                   15511      7.42%     57.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   88778     42.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total               208988                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            366328445000     91.60%     91.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               20090000      0.01%     91.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1737826000      0.43%     92.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            31828336000      7.96%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        399914697000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.730280                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.864383                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                13081      4.40%      4.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                31081     10.45%     14.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               184485     62.01%     76.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1783      0.60%     77.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                   41371     13.91%     91.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys               25449      8.55%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                252      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                297502                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            41276                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user              25679                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle              31176                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel              41183                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                25679                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                15504                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.997747                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.497306                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.839347                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       36217661000      9.10%      9.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        221530313000     55.65%     64.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        140328438000     35.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                   31081                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5454701                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.215453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          140319600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5454701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.724526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   500.215453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.976983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        308989167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       308989167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    122040872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      122040872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     21816450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21816450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       146093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       146093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        95565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        95565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    143857322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       143857322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    143857322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      143857322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      6015228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6015228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       912561                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       912561                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       122352                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       122352                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       162097                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       162097                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      6927789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       6927789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      6927789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      6927789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    128056100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    128056100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     22729011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22729011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       268445                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       268445                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       257662                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       257662                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    150785111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    150785111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    150785111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    150785111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.040150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.455781                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.455781                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.629107                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.629107                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       384079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           384079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          1010918                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          402120105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1010918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           397.777174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1057948418                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1057948418                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    527457832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      527457832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    527457832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       527457832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    527457832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      527457832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1010918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1010918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1010918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       1010918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1010918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      1010918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    528468750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    528468750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    528468750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    528468750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    528468750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    528468750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1010918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          1010918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    7530                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    329239                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   50469     42.34%     42.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      9      0.01%     42.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    410      0.34%     42.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   7247      6.08%     48.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  61074     51.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              119209                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    50469     49.79%     49.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       9      0.01%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     410      0.40%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    7247      7.15%     57.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   43232     42.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               101367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            384125862000     96.16%     96.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 643500      0.00%     96.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               20090000      0.01%     96.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              811736500      0.20%     96.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            14510085000      3.63%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        399468417000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.707863                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.850330                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      5.26%      5.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         2     10.53%     15.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      5.26%     21.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.26%     26.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.26%     31.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        8     42.11%     73.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      5.26%     78.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        4     21.05%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    19                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 7490      5.01%      5.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                14513      9.71%     14.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                91969     61.54%     76.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    882      0.59%     76.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   19579     13.10%     89.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               11811      7.90%     97.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               3196      2.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                149440                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            34092                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              12049                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              12049                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                12049                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.353426                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.522269                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      273377872000     68.44%     68.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        126090545000     31.56%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                   14513                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          2923149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          480.645733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           80582029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2923149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.566856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   480.645733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.938761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        170884698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       170884698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     67032625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       67032625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     13192014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13192014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        73908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        73908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        47098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     80224639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        80224639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     80224639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       80224639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3045425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3045425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       296382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       296382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        59523                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        59523                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        83586                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        83586                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3341807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3341807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3341807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3341807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     70078050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     70078050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     13488396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13488396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       133431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       133431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       130684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       130684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     83566446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     83566446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     83566446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     83566446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.043458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.446096                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.446096                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.639604                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.639604                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       210133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           210133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           491524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          291236761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           491524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           592.517885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        583915960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       583915960                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    291220694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      291220694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    291220694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       291220694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    291220694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      291220694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       491524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       491524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       491524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        491524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       491524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       491524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    291712218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    291712218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    291712218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    291712218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    291712218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    291712218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       491524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           491524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                   12927                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    897523                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                  130394     41.99%     41.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    413      0.13%     42.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                  13449      4.33%     46.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 166285     53.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total              310541                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                   130394     49.82%     49.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     413      0.16%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                   13449      5.14%     55.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                  117477     44.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total               261733                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            362605284500     90.67%     90.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               20136500      0.01%     90.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1496397500      0.37%     91.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            35792777500      8.95%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        399914596000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.706480                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.842829                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         5    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     5                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                18428      4.73%      4.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                35293      9.07%     13.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               246246     63.25%     77.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    825      0.21%     77.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                   50439     12.96%     90.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys               36575      9.39%     99.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               1499      0.39%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                389305                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            85732                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user              37444                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel              37444                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                37444                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.436756                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.607976                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       70220955000     17.56%     17.56% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        329698843000     82.44%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                   35293                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          8160945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.832356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          202850349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          8160945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.856233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   504.832356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.986001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        439938876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       439938876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    174398156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      174398156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     30354835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      30354835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       201301                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       201301                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       137144                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137144                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    204752991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       204752991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    204752991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      204752991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      8765287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8765287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1195311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1195311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       130837                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       130837                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       185475                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       185475                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9960598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       9960598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9960598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      9960598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    183163443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    183163443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     31550146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31550146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       332138                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       332138                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       322619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       322619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    214713589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    214713589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    214713589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    214713589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.047855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.393924                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.393924                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.574904                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.574904                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       748952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           748952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1311560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          701239788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1311560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           534.660853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1517713558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1517713558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    756889439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      756889439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    756889439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       756889439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    756889439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      756889439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1311560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1311560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1311560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1311560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1311560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1311560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    758200999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    758200999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    758200999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    758200999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    758200999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    758200999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1311560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1311560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  10                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  620                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 620                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              107297                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             107297                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       210352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       212356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  215834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       841408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          429                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       843144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       110680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       110680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   953824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1739                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                15651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               15651                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               11                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      28795883                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14450044                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2167077                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         5585851                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      5030309                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       555542                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 511                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           14029046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              57981                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             57981                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       815352                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       793878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9458961                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1154809                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         326411                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1481220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            432986                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           432986                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2038769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      11989766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2454782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     18545242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2416634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     19653999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               43070657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     91323584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    415417948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     89965824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    432283856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1028991212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         21206329                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          47974012                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.220770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.441804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                37938325     79.08%     79.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 9480145     19.76%     98.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  555542      1.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            47974012                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      28452088                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14271834                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1587496                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        15692517                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     15035122                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       657395                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  98                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           13804254                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              47588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             47588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       959085                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       830308                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9712700                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1067005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         269061                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1336066                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            424688                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           424688                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1803084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      12001072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1184093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9786631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3252383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     28504178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               42727285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     44324416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    219879100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    124212672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    637130976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1025547164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         31607227                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          58047120                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.337200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.496132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                39131021     67.41%     67.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                18258704     31.45%     98.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  657395      1.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            58047120                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             5439349                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4040.990357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              16161166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             5439349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.971158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   237.400183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.125012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.437983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.131788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.253568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    54.934334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1766.462230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    72.246988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1908.998270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.057959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.431265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.017638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.466064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.986570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966309                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           217641982                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          217641982                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       815352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       815352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       793878                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       793878                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2510                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1375                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           3885                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          505                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          403                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          908                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       113345                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       127988                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          241333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       927750                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       919666                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1847416                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2664217                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2725091                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      5389308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       927750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2777562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       919666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2853079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            7478057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       927750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2777562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       919666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2853079                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           7478057                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       390175                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       607430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       997605                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       112460                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       112247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       224707                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        75169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        83626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        158795                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       100101                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        91252                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       191353                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2965970                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3211938                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      6177908                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       100101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3041139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        91252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3295564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          6528056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       100101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3041139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        91252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3295564                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         6528056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       815352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       815352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       793878                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       793878                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       392685                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       608805                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      1001490                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       112965                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       112650                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       225615                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       188514                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       211614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       400128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1027851                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1010918                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2038769                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5630187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5937029                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11567216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1027851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5818701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1010918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      6148643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       14006113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1027851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5818701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1010918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      6148643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      14006113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993608                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996121                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995530                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996423                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995975                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.398745                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.395182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.396861                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.097389                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.090266                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.093857                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.526798                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.541001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.534088                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.097389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.522649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.090266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.535982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.466086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.097389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.522649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.090266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.535982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.466086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         153228                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              153228                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             5692362                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4068.445238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              16866996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             5692362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.963093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   191.196778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.054619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.081255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.015675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.015773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    23.768362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   711.133227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    92.743987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  3049.435561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.046679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.173617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.022643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.744491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.993273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989258                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           221008497                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          221008497                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       959085                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       959085                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       830308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       830308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1149                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          625                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           1774                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          398                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          277                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          675                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        54064                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       191638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          245702                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       444900                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1143295                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1588195                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1434524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      3932234                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      5366758                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       444900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1488588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1143295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      4123872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            7200655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       444900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1488588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1143295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      4123872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           7200655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       138377                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       851230                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       989607                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        59733                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       159406                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       219139                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        57597                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       107856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        165453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        46624                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       168265                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       214889                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1559618                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4838095                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      6397713                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        46624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1617215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       168265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4945951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          6778055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        46624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1617215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       168265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4945951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         6778055                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       959085                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       959085                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       830308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       830308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       139526                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       851855                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       991381                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        60131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       159683                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       219814                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       111661                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       299494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       411155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       491524                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1311560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1803084                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2994142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      8770329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11764471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       491524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3105803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1311560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      9069823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       13978710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       491524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3105803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1311560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      9069823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      13978710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991765                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999266                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993381                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998265                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996929                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.515820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.360127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.402410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.094856                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.128294                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.119179                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.520890                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.551644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.543816                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.094856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.520708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.128294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.545319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.484884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.094856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.520708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.128294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.545319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.484884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         188402                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              188402                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          12453088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            105569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           105569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       253694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         8067724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1887952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        481495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        2055608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           258879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          216515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12452479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     17739063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2181456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       116984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     20037503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     18204545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        95372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     18299917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              38342637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    387335040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     39769664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       463148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    427567852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    399836032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       379996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total    400216028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       110592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       111296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              827895176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         2113194                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         26883993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.053210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.224452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               25453496     94.68%     94.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                1430497      5.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           26883993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           7051754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             47588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            47588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       225919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5109064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1481033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        401729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        1627014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           235270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          212188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7051656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2125653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     19364771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     21490424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2000477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      2000477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              23490901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     42446976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    403026140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    445473116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     34251712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     34251712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              479724828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        24274884                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         37358506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.608432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.488101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               14628385     39.16%     39.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               22730121     60.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           37358506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       122281                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.372201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs       340363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       122281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     2.783450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.685109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.603026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.049762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.505389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.525890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.003025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.355319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.037689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.190610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.031587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.220368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      9282668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      9282668                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        72672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        72672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3097                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         8191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total        11288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1439                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10014                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1561                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        11139                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        24155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        13111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        19330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total        35443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1439                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        13111                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1561                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        19330                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total        35443                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       159856                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       161996                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       321852                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        35968                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        47269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        83237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        31195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        37717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        68912                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8770                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       205449                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7288                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       222869                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       444385                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       236644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       260586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       513297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8770                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       236644                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7288                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       260586                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       513297                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        72672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        72672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       159860                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       161997                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       321857                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        36001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        83270                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        34292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        45908                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        80200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        10209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       215463                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         8849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       234008                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       468540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        10209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       249755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         8849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       279916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       548740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        10209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       249755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         8849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       279916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       548740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999984                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999083                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999604                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.909687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.821578                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.859252                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.859046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.953523                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.823596                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.952399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.818182                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.948446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.859046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.947505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.823596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.930944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.818182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.935410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.859046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.947505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.823596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.930944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.818182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.935410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        51139                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        51139                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements      5377443                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.277383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs       758177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs      5377443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.140992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.443939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.215341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.501691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.271423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    10.844989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.027746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.156356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.079464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.677812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    103717479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    103717479                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        99944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         7675                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1658                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        22771                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7449                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        39553                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         7675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        22771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total        39711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         7675                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1678                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        22771                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7587                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total        39711                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        67959                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       626202                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       694161                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        33773                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        97588                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       131361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        29977                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        35568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        65545                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        34401                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1441929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       123436                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4486380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      6086146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        34401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1471906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       123436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4521948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total      6151691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        34401                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1471906                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       123436                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4521948                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total      6151691                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        99944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        67968                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       626202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       694170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        33778                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        97588                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       131366                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        29997                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        35706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        65703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        42076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1443587                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       146207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4493829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6125699                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        42076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1473584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       146207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4529535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total      6191402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        42076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1473584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       146207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4529535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total      6191402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999987                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999852                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999962                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996135                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.817592                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998851                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.844255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993543                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.817592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.844255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.817592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.844255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        99151                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        99151                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      5373117                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.261676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       701498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      5373117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.130557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.443499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.203388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.501259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.266418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    10.847113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.027719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.156329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.079151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.677945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses    103314499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses    103314499                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        99151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99151                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          393                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          164                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1612                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          770                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2939                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          393                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1612                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          808                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         2990                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        67960                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       626202                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       694162                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        33773                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        97588                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       131361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        29963                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        35530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        65493                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        34008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1441765                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       121824                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4485610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      6083207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        34008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1471728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       121824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4521140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total      6148700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        34008                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1471728                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       121824                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4521140                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total      6148700                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        99151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99151                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        67960                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       626202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       694162                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        33773                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        97588                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       131361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        29976                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        35568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        65544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        34401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1441929                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       123436                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4486380                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6086146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        34401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1471905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       123436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4521948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total      6151690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        34401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1471905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       123436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4521948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total      6151690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999566                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998932                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986941                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999828                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        98738                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        98738                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       104841                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.270218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs       301029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       104841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     2.871291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.767451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.828185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.320674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.729161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.616830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.007917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.297966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.051762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.207542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.045573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.226052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      8657935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      8657935                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        51139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        51139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4886                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total         8992                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1913                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3361                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5331                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         8247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total        14323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6019                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         8247                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total        14323                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       160050                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       162181                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       322231                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        35968                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        47269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        83237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        26890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        32645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        59535                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8743                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       203536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       219508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       439054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       230426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       252153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       498589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8743                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       230426                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         7258                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       252153                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       498589                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        51139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        51139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       160055                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       162182                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       322237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        35968                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        83237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        30996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        68527                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8770                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       205449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7288                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       222869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       444385                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       236445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       260400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       512912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       236445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         7288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       260400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       512912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999969                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999981                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.867531                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.869814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.868782                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.996921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.990689                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.995884                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.984919                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.988004                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.996921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.974544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.995884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.968329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.972075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.996921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.974544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.995884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.968329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.972075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        37517                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        37517                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           124918299                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            323016                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       106705849                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           22583157                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             5224                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       11983494                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           147501456                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            328240                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       118689343                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          435680312                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               19                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      435680331                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               798865316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          516042299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            516042299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    354398053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     223102156                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            3289253                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     35851338                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           354398053                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            223102156                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    664607170                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    204350664                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    266937608                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    219191661                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            148146417                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          125436352                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          22710065                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      282557013.196845                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      516308302.803155                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.646302                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.353698                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 42739009                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     24150428      4.68%      4.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        205223015     39.74%     44.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          202758      0.04%     44.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       89258012     17.29%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        1305714      0.25%     62.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt           7545      0.00%     62.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      42600714      8.25%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv           2512      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       125886845     24.38%     94.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       22752709      4.41%     99.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       4980287      0.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         516370539                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           128130270                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses            315045                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       109891671                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           22934907                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             5033                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       12353876                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           151065177                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            320078                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       122245547                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          448122056                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               20                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      448122076                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               799845032                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          528148672                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            528148672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    361420120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     230324620                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            3273861                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     36528401                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           361420120                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            230324620                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    679974545                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    207416779                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    275633345                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    226366552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            151701775                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          128639590                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          23062185                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      270791567.926788                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      529053464.073212                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.661445                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.338555                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 43442761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     24829037      4.70%      4.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        208802491     39.51%     44.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          198509      0.04%     44.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       92159340     17.44%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        1347424      0.25%     61.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt           7551      0.00%     61.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      44025260      8.33%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv           2514      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       129088106     24.43%     94.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       23105315      4.37%     99.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       4903203      0.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         528468750                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            70114975                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            168996                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        62154948                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           13595282                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             2996                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        8436401                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            83710257                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            171992                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        70591349                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          254637684                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              146                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      254637830                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               798944955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          291540226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            291540226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    199827238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     125124549                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            2390097                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     18981456                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           199827238                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            125124549                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    374140497                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    115798453                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    149549238                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    122632230                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             84037534                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           70380575                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          13656959                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      507237365.073215                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      291707589.926785                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.365116                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.634884                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 23337965                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     14820402      5.08%      5.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        115271600     39.52%     44.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          230659      0.08%     44.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       49830430     17.08%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp         728346      0.25%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           5049      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      23986835      8.22%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv           5479      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        70607648     24.20%     94.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       13679601      4.69%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       2546169      0.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         291712218                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           183256591                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            487296                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       163378168                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           31817345                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             7002                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       18974940                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           215073936                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            494298                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       182353108                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          665399041                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               64                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      665399105                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               799842119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          757706701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            757706701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    510859888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     340604902                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            4231399                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     49895998                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           510859888                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            340604902                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    974012947                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    289633828                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    407924126                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    334991747                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            215945387                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          183982877                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          31962510                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      40795432.336921                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      759046686.663079                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.948996                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.051004                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 59169773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     37170006      4.90%      4.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        293281454     38.68%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          292451      0.04%     43.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      136514653     18.01%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        1993613      0.26%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt          61582      0.01%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      65208397      8.60%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          40992      0.01%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       184541816     24.34%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       32025597      4.22%     99.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       7070438      0.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         758200999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              98                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        6530629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          47588                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         47588                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       150290                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      5101091                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1132263                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       289335                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1230997                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        153126                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       134071                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      6530531                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      2072461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      2072461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     19275146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     19275146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           21347607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     36099264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     36099264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    400433820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    400433820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           436533084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     20894298                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      32065216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.581967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.493236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1            13404322     41.80%     41.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            18660894     58.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        32065216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000439                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   438756000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2662593042500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              931557368                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                931541146                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              184565275                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 764316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2214460203                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2214460203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       148672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        75328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       127424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       114816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        35136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            516608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       148672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       127424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        35136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       311744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    338848927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    171685401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1166936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    290421100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    261685310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     80080956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     33549399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1177438029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    338848927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1166936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    290421100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     80080956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       710517919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      193857178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           193857178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      193857178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    338848927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    171685401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1166936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    290421100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    261685310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     80080956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     33549399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1371295207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       555648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        60096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       226048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        79808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            928000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        60096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       355840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         355840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              14500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         5560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              5560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5688811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data   1266416870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       145867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    136969067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    515202071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8752017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    181896088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2115070791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5688811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    136969067                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8752017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       151409895                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      811020248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           811020248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      811020248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5688811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data   1266416870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       145867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    136969067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    515202071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      8752017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    181896088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2926091039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1879                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     535     45.80%     45.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      7.88%     53.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.09%     53.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    540     46.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1168                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      533     46.03%     46.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      7.94%     53.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.09%     54.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     532     45.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1158                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               424744500     88.04%     88.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      1.43%     89.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     89.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               50683500     10.51%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           482440000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996262                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.985185                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.991438                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      4.60%      4.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  883     76.65%     81.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.26%     81.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.09%     81.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     192     16.67%     98.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.30%     99.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.17%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1152                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              244                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.393443                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.565982                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2337477000     96.87%     96.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      3.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          472.034770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             980594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            74.564216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   472.034770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           430942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          430942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        99441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          99441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        93101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       192542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          192542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       192542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         192542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       105227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       100049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1946                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1946                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       205276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       205276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.054986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.069446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.086331                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086331                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.044913                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044913                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             7990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4390                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.896063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          128322073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         26182.834728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.896063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1156093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1156093                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       571460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         571460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       571460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          571460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       571460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         571460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       575851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       575851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       575851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       575851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       575851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       575851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4390                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4390                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               278403000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           278567500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          417.432874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4622068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         11328.598039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   417.432874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.815299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.815299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.064103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               11                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          125405410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         239780.898662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             751                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total             359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total            359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.029730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.029730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.029730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks           11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1234                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     313     46.17%     46.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.15%     46.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    364     53.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 678                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      313     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.16%     50.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     312     49.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  626                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               206260000     87.84%     87.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.07%     87.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               28384000     12.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           234808500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.857143                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.923304                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1     11.11%     11.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1     11.11%     22.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     44.44%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1     11.11%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1     11.11%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1     11.11%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                     9                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   16      2.14%      2.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.27%      2.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  644     85.98%     88.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.13%     88.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      33      4.41%     93.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  18      2.40%     95.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.67%     96.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 29      3.87%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   749                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               50                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 32                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 33                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   32                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.660000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.792683                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         118414500     71.90%     71.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            46286000     28.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      16                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             7170                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.055166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             141182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             7667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.414243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   504.055166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.984483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           217892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          217892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        57097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          57097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        38987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        96084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           96084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        96084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          96084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          7087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7087                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         7087                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        61753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        61753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1085                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1085                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1082                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1082                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       103171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       103171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       103171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       103171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.075397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.058694                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.058694                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.163134                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163134                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.026802                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.026802                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3702                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             3702                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.891497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             340744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            66.292607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.891497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           667159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          667159                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       326630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         326630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       326630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          326630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       326630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         326630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       331263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       331263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       331263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       331263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       331263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       331263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       806                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     104     47.27%     47.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.36%     48.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    113     51.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 220                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      104     49.52%     49.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.43%     50.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     103     49.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  210                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               271656500     97.47%     97.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.13%     97.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6703000      2.41%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           278711000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.911504                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.954545                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.34%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     19.73%     20.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.70%     21.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  149     50.68%     72.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.34%     72.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      69     23.47%     96.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.06%     99.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.68%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   294                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         743708500     98.91%     98.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      1.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          403.626767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            3356452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1387.536999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   403.626767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.788334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.788334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.607422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        22610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        35565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           35565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        35565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          35565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          521                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.063070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.050081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076775                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.076775                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.034549                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.034549                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           55796691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         31119.180703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           278737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          278737                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       137447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         137447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       137447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          137447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       137447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         137447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       138728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       138728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       138728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       138728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       138728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 382                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                382                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34443                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16732                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1115                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10512                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9675                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          837                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              10914                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7993                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3657                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4286                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             86                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4402                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5960                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  52586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       514688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1332930                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1849290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            47784                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             83072                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.157430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.390895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   70831     85.26%     85.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   11404     13.73%     98.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     837      1.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               83072                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         30657                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1535                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           14011                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12071                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1940                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              12309                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5043                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4098                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             47                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3032                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3032                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5914                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6395                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        21308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  44701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       558976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       698770                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       142272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       199384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1599402                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            48391                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             78742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.244088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.484040                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   61477     78.07%     78.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   15315     19.45%     97.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1945      2.47%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       5      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               78742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3912.119064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                409313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               17596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               23.261707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   768.818926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   355.034095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1561.329334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   111.018849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1115.917860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.187700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.086678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.381184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.027104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.272441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.955107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              287711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             287711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7993                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7993                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3657                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3657                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          323                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             323                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2029                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1895                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               4250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2216                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              4250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           99                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2362                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2370                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4057                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4058                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           12953                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7993                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7993                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3657                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3657                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4391                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4402                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5950                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.990000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990196                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.952833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.952833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.537918                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.538392                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.681849                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.681673                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.537918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.826848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.727273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.752950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.537918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.826848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.727273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.752950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               13365                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3836.744393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 77529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               16952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.573443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1325.832943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   846.897992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1149.574551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   222.523269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   291.915637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.323690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.206762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.280658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.054327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.071268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.936705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3587                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875732                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              248852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             248852                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5043                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5043                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             395                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1696                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          662                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2358                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          582                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1959                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               4712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              4712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2051                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          569                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2620                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2937                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3556                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3399                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          931                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            10506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           10506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5043                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5043                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          649                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3015                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4633                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1281                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5914                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1513                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          15218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         15218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.842105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.950000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.866864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.876733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.868988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.633930                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.483216                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.601285                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.711683                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.615334                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.688504                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.633930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.763092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.483216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.693802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.690367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.633930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.763092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.483216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.693802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.690367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           2676                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                2676                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             10618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7530                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        11650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        25098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        38602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        14292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 52894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       244096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       856768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1103114                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       368512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       368554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1471668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           23882                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            59443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.401511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.490208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  35576     59.85%     59.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  23867     40.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              59443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9236                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            74                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        15078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        31119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        24946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 56065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       469888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       371434                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       841322                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       853632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       853632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1694954                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           19291                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            55282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.346207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.475764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  36143     65.38%     65.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  19139     34.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              55282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6821                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.255522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.018722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.607705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.037775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.658944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.465228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.485871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.350482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.478684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.091577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.030367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       138400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       138400                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6462                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6462                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2840                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2880                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9302                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9342                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6463                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6463                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2850                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2890                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996491                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4024                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4024                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4740                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.933185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           54                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.011354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.500333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.080962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.312275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.947279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.092336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.281271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.192560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.144517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.309205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.068271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        88019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        88019                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1121                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          998                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1011                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          867                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1992                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1865                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          246                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4652                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1121                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          877                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3671                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.982111                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.983122                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.991828                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.982111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.982111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4729                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.901062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.882831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.537220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.404744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.972650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.103617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.180177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.283576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.150297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.310791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.068976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        87690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        87690                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          998                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1011                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          865                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          233                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3638                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          246                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4649                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1992                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          867                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          233                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997693                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1109                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1109                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6801                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.234458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.015989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.110164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.045171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     8.839951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.753507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.485666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.319385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.552497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.047094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.030354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       138173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       138173                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4024                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4024                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6456                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6456                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2837                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2877                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9293                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9333                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4024                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4024                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4005                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4005                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              107073                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             102300                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              209373                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             175260                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         175412                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  965275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             575369                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               575369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       553495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              20013                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        55142                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              553495                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       776322                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       387420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               210670                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             108096                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            102574                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      331667.253709                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      633607.746291                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.656401                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.343599                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    79634                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10281      1.79%      1.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           335996     58.35%     60.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             607      0.11%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.20%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          112426     19.52%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         102641     17.82%     97.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         12501      2.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            575851                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  557136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      556901.720374                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles        234.279626                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000421                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999579                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               62653                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               221                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           18880                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              42487                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               22                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          10595                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              105140                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               243                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           29475                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits              99420                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              229                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses          99649                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                  468953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             331008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               331008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       319573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses           760                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8072                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        42748                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              319573                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                  760                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       432023                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       231309                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          383                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               105630                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              63059                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             42571                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      291800.210558                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      177152.789442                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.377762                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.622238                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    53517                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         5706      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           210487     63.54%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             349      0.11%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            112      0.03%     65.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     65.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              2      0.00%     65.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           64856     19.58%     84.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          42858     12.94%     97.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          6876      2.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            331263                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               24105                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              14054                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               38159                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              23376                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          23501                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                  557424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             138343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               138343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       132977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        16223                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              132977                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       176852                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       101544                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                39269                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              24994                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             14275                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      469221.354740                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      88202.645260                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.158233                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.841767                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    20029                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2822      2.03%      2.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            88982     64.14%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              88      0.06%     66.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           26066     18.79%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          14285     10.30%     95.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6458      4.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            138728                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6521                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5137                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6531                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          145                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           60                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          181                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7486                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7473                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6521                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        25061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        25061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        15008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        15008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              40069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       855424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       855424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       369002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       369002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1224426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        31612                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         57332                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.548472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               25887     45.15%     45.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               31445     54.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           57332                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
