
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354574000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261608369000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              186038733                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                186032111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              559595451                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 745728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117870662                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117870662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        25536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       106752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            299968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       106752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       211712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        19584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          19584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          306                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               306                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    228691331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     72018817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     67325861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     28879726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    301071145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    148008596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            845995476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    228691331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     67325861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    301071145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       597088337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       55232476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            55232476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       55232476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    228691331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     72018817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     67325861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     28879726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    301071145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    148008596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           901227952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       153664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        67648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       553792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            816384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        41280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       568768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         568768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              12756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    100537546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    433376390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      8663918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    190786691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7219932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1561851687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2302436163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    100537546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      8663918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7219932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       116421396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1604088286                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1604088286                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1604088286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    100537546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    433376390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      8663918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    190786691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7219932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1561851687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3906524449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138980500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151240000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61998000     75.52%     75.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.48%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.415930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.923751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.623002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.792928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130062                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2175                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2175                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.045827                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045827                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.258259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.619302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.352661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334817                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351623500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357409500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018463500     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.274797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.197823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.334762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   369.940035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.423790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.380093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357146000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357310500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.198517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.049323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551095000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560528000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         510003000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.432151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.448689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.339940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.092211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.433734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.437475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22119                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11292                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1302                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6508                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6210                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          298                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4110                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              137                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             50                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             187                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4576                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       524560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       205336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1164904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            44550                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             66548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.144753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   57221     85.98%     85.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    9021     13.56%     99.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     306      0.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               66548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34359                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17046                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7670                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6802                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          868                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               80                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             87                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1352288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1844904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            31541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             65554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.166473                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.406503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   55509     84.68%     84.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9177     14.00%     98.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     868      1.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               65554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                8214                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3859.034237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  6612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                8214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.804967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1848.962277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    24.234875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    40.566460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.040869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3.307616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   503.925447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   699.637143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   268.514294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   468.845257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.451407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.005917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.009904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.123029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.170810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.065555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.114464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.942147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914307                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              177120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             177120                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4110                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4110                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          659                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          847                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1506                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3727                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          115                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          422                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2246                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1764                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4110                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4110                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.974576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.900529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.872642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.894001                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.734595                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.332545                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.598614                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.603903                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.502245                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.568527                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.734595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.727309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.332545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.659604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.734595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.727309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.332545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.659604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5077                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5077                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10739                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3735.482115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 20340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.894031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1588.087178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   209.780315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   158.170411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   271.909697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   313.254712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.080124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   447.986941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   746.212737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.387717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.051216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.038616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.066384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.076478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.109372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.182181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.911983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986816                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              283247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             283247                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2611                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3385                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3386                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987179                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.939456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.939456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.399906                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.399906                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.564637                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564616                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.399906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.764806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.673843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.399906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.764806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.673843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4135                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4135                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        22183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         7195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 29378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       633856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       786664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       173760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       173800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 960464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           31143                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            51428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.598526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.490201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  20647     40.15%     40.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  30781     59.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              51428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        16157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 48595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       827584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       174824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1002408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       632960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       632960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1635368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            9200                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            41766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.218766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.413415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  32629     78.12%     78.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   9137     21.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              41766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         7459                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.703685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         7459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.555711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.325570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.639992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.178722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.002485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.722232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.020348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.039999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.062655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       100406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       100406                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4927                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2388                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3206                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4975                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4927                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2388                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1361                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          622                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999228                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4919                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4919                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2627                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.900906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           70                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.026646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.563221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.456809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.647071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.967142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.537075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.160201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.227942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.247946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.221067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        46232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        46232                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2564                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          161                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          161                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2621                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.905245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           72                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.027470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.021716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.456809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.647071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.414014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.636048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.227942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.275876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.227253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        46176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        46176                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          891                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2559                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995365                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          156                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          156                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         7452                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.214739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           49                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         7452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.006575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.465516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.322820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.650837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.174605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.599683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.716595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.020176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.040677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.099980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       100309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       100309                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4919                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4919                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2388                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2586                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3205                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         4974                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4919                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4919                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2388                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1361                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2587                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         4975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         4975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4916                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4916                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33936                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8141                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28440                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4596                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62376                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12737                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             166055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               166055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160248                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17165                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160248                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       221002                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112999                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62640                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34140                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28500                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231032.165513                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70753.834487                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234450                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765550                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22563                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            96001     57.77%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35100     21.12%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28780     17.32%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166167                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522809660                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655497954.800075                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867311705.199925                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191764                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808236                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522809546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520456134.980344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353411.019656                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523216739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644767811.979218                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878448927.020782                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636372                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363628                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5080                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3919                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          129                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           84                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          196                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2422                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2421                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        16421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        16421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              24497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       633216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       633216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       174440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       174440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              807656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        30264                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         46589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.640323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.479911                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16757     35.97%     35.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               29832     64.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           46589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017010                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17010332500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2278975227000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                6629852                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6629845                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              741792352                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 758176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    22.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   152031442                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     152031442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         6080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        95808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2293632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1582400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        25728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4055104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        95808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2293632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        25728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      2426432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2339520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2339520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        24725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              63361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        36555                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             36555                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       662186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       357430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5632341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1670514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    134837576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     93025812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1512492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       692285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            238390637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       662186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5632341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    134837576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1512492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       142644596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      137535230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           137535230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      137535230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       662186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       357430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5632341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1670514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    134837576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     93025812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1512492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       692285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           375925867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         7488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       150080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        86400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     11093696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      6603968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          17997440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        86400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       122624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     13092992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13092992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       173339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       103187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             281210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       204578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            204578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       440203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2129529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      8822873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5079266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    652173965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1151300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      388232740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1058029877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2129529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5079266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         7208795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      769708176                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           769708176                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      769708176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       440203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2129529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      8822873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5079266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    652173965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1151300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     388232740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1827738053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1030                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     367     36.88%     36.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72      7.24%     44.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      1.71%     45.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.10%     45.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    538     54.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 995                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      367     44.54%     44.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72      8.74%     53.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      2.06%     55.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.12%     55.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     367     44.54%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  824                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             17164482000     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.03%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               46320000      0.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17217199500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682156                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.828141                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  817     86.91%     86.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     35      3.72%     90.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      88      9.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   940                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               90                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          469.585075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              17735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.123418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   469.585075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.917158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            89977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           89977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        15473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           43070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          43070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          642                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          642                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          569                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          569                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        43561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        43561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.056075                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056075                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.089631                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089631                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              81282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           142.350263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           284215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          284215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       141251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         141251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       141251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          141251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       141251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         141251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       141822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       141822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1039                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     269     38.48%     38.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      2.43%     40.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.14%     41.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    412     58.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 699                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      269     48.47%     48.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      3.06%     51.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.18%     51.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     268     48.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  555                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16333109500     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22181000      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         16356288000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.650485                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.793991                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      1.88%      2.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.27%      2.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  643     86.54%     88.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     34      4.58%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.13%     93.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      38      5.11%     98.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.21%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   743                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 19                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.052632                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.575342                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65221000     43.51%     43.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            84678000     56.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.084179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             106765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.749353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   492.084179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.961102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           247898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          247898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        67336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          67336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        46895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         46895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          114231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         114231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           55                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           55                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        70584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        49202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       119786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       119786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       119786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       119786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.163352                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163352                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.078571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078571                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2966                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             502849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           169.537761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.004957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.994168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           667538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          667538                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         329317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          329317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         329317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       332285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       332285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       332285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     410                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     61696                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6511     40.31%     40.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      0.74%     41.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      0.11%     41.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     41.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   9504     58.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               16152                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6140     49.45%     49.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      0.96%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      0.14%     50.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6139     49.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12416                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16086489000     93.43%     93.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8508500      0.05%     93.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.00%     93.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     93.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1121326000      6.51%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17217268500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.943020                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.645939                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.768697                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       397     88.03%     88.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      0.67%     88.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         6      1.33%     90.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       17      3.77%     93.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        6      1.33%     95.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.22%     95.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.22%     95.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.22%     95.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10      2.22%     98.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        5      1.11%     99.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.44%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.22%     99.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   451                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  347      0.63%      0.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      0.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                14491     26.42%     27.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    628      1.14%     28.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     28.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    1524      2.78%     31.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 475      0.87%     31.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     31.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              37367     68.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 54850                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1870                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               1040                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               1039                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 1040                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.555615                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.714433                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6907157500     38.38%     38.38% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         11088761000     61.62%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     347                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           316383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.205508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            8804407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           316383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.828319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.157494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   508.048014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.004214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.992281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18631265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18631265                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4721196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4721196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3909070                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3909070                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       103078                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       103078                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       106829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       106829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8630266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         8630266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8630266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        8630266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       185798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       127232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       127232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3927                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3927                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       313030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        313030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       313030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       313030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4906994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4906994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4036302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4036302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       107005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       107005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       106945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8943296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8943296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8943296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8943296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.031522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.036699                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036699                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001085                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001085                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       175398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           175398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           214560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           32674248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           214560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           152.284899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     4.035603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   507.964397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.007882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         65967882                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        65967882                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32662101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32662101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32662101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        32662101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32662101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       32662101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       214560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        214560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       214560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32876661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32876661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32876661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     32876661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32876661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     32876661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       214560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           214560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       487                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     145     32.58%     32.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      3.82%     36.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.67%     37.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    280     62.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 445                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      145     46.93%     46.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      5.50%     52.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.97%     53.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     144     46.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  309                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16547704000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14037500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         16562926000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.514286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.694382                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.64%      0.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  407     87.34%     87.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     37      7.94%     95.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      19      4.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   466                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               22                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.664701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.286517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   443.664701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.866533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            37571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           37571                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        10228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          10228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           89                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           89                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           17051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          17051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        18044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        18044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.062082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.286765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.286765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.282258                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.282258                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.055032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.055032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              64380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            55.309278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           108430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          108430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           52469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          52469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        53633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        53633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1014                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  8372224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1030                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1956                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1956                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              133246                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             133246                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  270404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  8383631                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               131113                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               131113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1180017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1180017                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         19101                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9912                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1061                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           15505                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10619                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4886                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               7716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                325                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               325                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3423                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2881                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             352                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3539                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        16619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  29475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        58752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        38927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       352128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       563032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1012839                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           952264                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            971727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.023478                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.181618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  953800     98.16%     98.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   13040      1.34%     99.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    4887      0.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              971727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1066683                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       532814                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        60267                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          132379                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       101821                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        30558                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             407393                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       175734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       178097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           118907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            151                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            127295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           127295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         215724                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190441                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       606309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       934741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                1547132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     25071936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     31505780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       132608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        83308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                56793632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           651674                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           1721180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.164460                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.415846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 1468678     85.33%     85.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  221940     12.89%     98.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   30561      1.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             1721180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6940                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3855.983202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.667291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1613.670127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.011621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3.157861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   158.538640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   156.682988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   822.636433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1100.285533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.393962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.038706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.038253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.200839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.268624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.941402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943604                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              154059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             154059                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3423                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3423                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2881                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2881                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          905                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1300                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1307                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               2955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              2955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          241                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1955                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2063                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2239                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2010                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3423                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3423                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2881                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2881                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          241                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          571                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3539                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          362                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3317                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3679                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           9418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          9418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.979167                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989474                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.733333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.907193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.903636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.308231                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.695081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.632665                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.624309                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.605969                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.607774                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.308231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.636364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.695081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.724598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.686239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.308231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.636364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.695081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.724598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.686239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4533                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4533                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              247530                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3979.217727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                554569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              247530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.240411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1545.357767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.614665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.184889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.591640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.025984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   622.280042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1760.213248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    25.175574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    24.773916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.377285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.151924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.429740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.006048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.971489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4050                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988770                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             8422334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            8422334                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       175734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       175734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       178097                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       178097                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        31650                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           31675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       177335                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          762                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       178097                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        85084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          284                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        85368                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       177335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       116734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             295140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       177335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       116734                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          762                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            295140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          166                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        95360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         95566                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        37225                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        37627                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       104037                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          370                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       104407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        37225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       199397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           237600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        37225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       199397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          576                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          237600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       175734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       175734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       178097                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       178097                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       127010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       127241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       215724                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       189121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       189775                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       316131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         532740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       316131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        532740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992126                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994012                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989796                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991803                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750807                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.891775                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.751063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.173495                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.345361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.174422                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.550108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.565749                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.550162                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.173495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.630742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.345361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.650847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.445996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.173495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.630742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.345361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.650847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.445996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         106095                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              106095                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             61039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              2430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             2430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       144336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           35052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        59380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        13851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       165278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       171944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        82368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       310971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       393339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                586733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       155648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       547712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       705383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      4510400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      4517408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1757184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      6634048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      8391232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               13614023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          571841                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           959034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.595425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.490810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 388001     40.46%     40.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 571033     59.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             959034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            145734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       213868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          115543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           200843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          200789                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       144506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       525938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       177560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       703498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       324329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       324329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1027827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     17442624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      4556320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     21998944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     13794496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     13794496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               35793440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          187001                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           866636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.215596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.411235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 679793     78.44%     78.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 186843     21.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             866636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       110158                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.875670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       110158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.887461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.796107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.021458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.107908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.062737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.867966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.112257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.006744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.003921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1847299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1847299                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       107781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       107781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          119                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          124                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1934                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2472                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       103360                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       103360                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3443                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4406                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       107781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       107781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          119                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1934                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1524                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       103360                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       103360                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.905724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.988800                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.905724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.905724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       107776                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       107776                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        63829                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.787502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        63829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.334153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.626092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.484041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.229318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.113899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.333385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.289131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.342753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.007119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       942154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       942154                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          131                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          174                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          176                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6897                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6908                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18217                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        54709                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        25114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        61617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        25114                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        61617                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18346                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        54840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        25288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        61793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        25288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        61793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993518                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992968                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997611                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         9117                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         9117                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        63576                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.768956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        63576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.003445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.459158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.571025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.179555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.350268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.208950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.216197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.348189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.386222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.013059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       939045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       939045                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          128                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          129                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6880                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18117                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        54608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        24986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        61488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        24986                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          262                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        61488                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6897                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6908                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        54709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        25114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        61617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        35838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        25114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        61617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995947                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996032                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         8987                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         8987                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       110154                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.849735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           61                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       110154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.108936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.538268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.021360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.118425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.062747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.881808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.096142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.007402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.003922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      1949870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      1949870                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       107776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       107776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          119                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          124                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       103360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       105294                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2472                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       103629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       107766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3443                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       103629                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       107766                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       107776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       107776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          119                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       103360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       105294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1524                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2472                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       103629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       107766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       103629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       107766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       107773                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       107773                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               28873                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              16563                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               45436                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              15998                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          15998                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                34434560                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             141822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               141822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       136136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              10898                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         9564                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              136136                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       176970                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       106088                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                45598                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              29017                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             16581                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      34291032.836563                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      143527.163437                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004168                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995832                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22609                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          600      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            88733     62.57%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             213      0.15%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           30873     21.77%     84.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          16615     11.72%     96.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          4788      3.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            141822                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               71158                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           37718                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              49901                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          21980                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              121059                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           59698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             177522                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         177643                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                32712147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             332128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               332128                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       321287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               9149                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        34926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              321287                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  373                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       439360                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       232596                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               121407                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              71417                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             49990                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      32392543.455613                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      319603.544387                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.009770                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.990230                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    47023                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5648      1.70%      1.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           198057     59.60%     61.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             267      0.08%     61.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.01%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           72571     21.84%     83.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          50271     15.13%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          5422      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            332285                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             4974739                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              3743                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3250443                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            4145780                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              963                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        2773658                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             9120519                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              4706                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   24                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         6024101                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           22403741                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1979                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       22405720                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                34434974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           32871931                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             32871931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     28652885                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       3851703                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            1046127                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2950389                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            28652885                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              3851703                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     41682385                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     20137089                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      2564736                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      2564220                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              9166797                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            5018978                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           4147819                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1156306.885032                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      33278667.114968                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.966421                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.033579                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  4175121                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      2321793      7.06%      7.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         18243155     55.49%     62.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          533424      1.62%     64.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        1282192      3.90%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp             48      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         767567      2.33%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult            51      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         255850      0.78%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         5145869     15.65%     86.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        4150925     12.63%     99.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        175787      0.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          32876661                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               11028                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               7294                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               18322                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               5476                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           5476                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                33125874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              53631                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                53631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        51551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2206                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         4543                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               51551                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        70570                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        39030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                18369                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              11047                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              7322                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      33073673.044172                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      52200.955828                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001576                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998424                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     7687                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          367      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            32479     60.56%     61.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             145      0.27%     61.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.02%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           11302     21.07%     82.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           7328     13.66%     96.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          2001      3.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             53633                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          58409                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       116893                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        38781                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          209                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        112205                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       112202                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        57181                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       324696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       324696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       177033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       177033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             501729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     13794688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     13794688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      4533984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      4533984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            18328672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       584878                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        912613                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.639799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.480059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              328724     36.02%     36.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              583889     63.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          912613                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.462846                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                462846140000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2741821367000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1736618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1736618                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              291377928                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 765476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1588.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2758572037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2758572037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1074816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      1336576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       636928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       691456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5995392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2510784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1865344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      2506944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          16618240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1074816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       636928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5995392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1865344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      9572480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      1349504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1349504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        16794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        20884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         9952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        10804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        93678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        39231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        29146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        39171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             259660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        21086                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             21086                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2322189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2887733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1376112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1493922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     12953315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      5424662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4030160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      5416366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             35904458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2322189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1376112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     12953315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4030160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        20681776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        2915664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             2915664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        2915664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2322189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2887733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1376112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1493922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     12953315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      5424662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      4030160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      5416366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            38820123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        54976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     59561152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        30656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     21773568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3080064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     95966720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       226624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     45898176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       831488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         227423424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        54976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        30656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3080064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       226624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      3392320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    139454208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      139454208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       930643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       340212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        48126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1499480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         3541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       717159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        12992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3553491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2178972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2178972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       118778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    128684560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        66234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     47042778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6654617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    207340435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       489631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     99165083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        1796467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            491358584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       118778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        66234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6654617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       489631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         7329261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      301297118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           301297118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      301297118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       118778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    128684560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        66234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     47042778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6654617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    207340435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       489631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     99165083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       1796467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           792655702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     434                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     94843                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    6606     36.23%     36.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    150      0.82%     37.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    474      2.60%     39.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    146      0.80%     40.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  10859     59.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               18235                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     6605     47.73%     47.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     150      1.08%     48.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     474      3.43%     52.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     146      1.05%     53.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    6464     46.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                13839                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            461843082500     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11250000      0.00%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               23226000      0.01%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               28928000      0.01%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              933802500      0.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        462840289000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999849                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.595267                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.758925                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       37     80.43%     80.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4      8.70%     89.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        4      8.70%     97.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                        1      2.17%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    46                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   65      0.33%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  212      1.08%      1.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                15338     77.81%     79.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    989      5.02%     84.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     84.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     84.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    2129     10.80%     95.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 138      0.70%     95.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     95.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                837      4.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 19712                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2338                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1549                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1548                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1549                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.662104                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.796758                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      301785642000     62.86%     62.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        178295463000     37.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     212                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2546940                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          454.378704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           93608544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2546940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.753337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   454.378704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.887458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        194875994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       194875994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     72174505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       72174505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     21398841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21398841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        17027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18353                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18353                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     93573346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        93573346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     93573346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       93573346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1531598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1531598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1018086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1018086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3010                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3010                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1401                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1401                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2549684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2549684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2549684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2549684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     73706103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     73706103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22416927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22416927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        20037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     96123030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     96123030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     96123030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     96123030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.045416                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045416                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.150222                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.150222                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.070922                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070922                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.026525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.026525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1835228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1835228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            53255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          350458224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            53255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          6580.757187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        724145739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       724145739                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    361992987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      361992987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    361992987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       361992987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    361992987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      361992987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        53255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         53255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        53255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    362046242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    362046242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    362046242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    362046242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    362046242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    362046242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        53255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            53255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     247                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    183391                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2328     26.90%     26.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    474      5.48%     32.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    142      1.64%     34.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   5711     65.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                8655                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2327     45.21%     45.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     474      9.21%     54.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     142      2.76%     57.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2204     42.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 5147                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            463128426000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               23226000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               23579500      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              325139000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        463500370500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999570                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.385922                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.594685                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         2     66.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   43      0.39%      0.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      0.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7381     67.49%     67.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    958      8.76%     76.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     76.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     76.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     658      6.02%     82.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  38      0.35%     83.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     83.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               1848     16.90%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 10937                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              444                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                409                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                257                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                414                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  409                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.932432                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.015564                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.745045                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         349295000      0.07%      0.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        341505750500     71.19%     71.26% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        137851547500     28.74%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      43                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          3543278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.836438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          164974409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3543278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.559827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   496.836438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.970384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        340633519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       340633519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    137197185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      137197185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     27794536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      27794536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    164991721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       164991721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    164991721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      164991721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1229662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1229662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2315447                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2315447                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          741                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          741                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          631                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          631                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3545109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3545109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3545109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      3545109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    138426847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    138426847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     30109983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     30109983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3666                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3666                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    168536830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    168536830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    168536830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    168536830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.076900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.200759                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.200759                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.172122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.172122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3254995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          3254995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            51687                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          648486171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            51687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         12546.407627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1367980089                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1367980089                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    683912514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      683912514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    683912514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       683912514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    683912514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      683912514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        51687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         51687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        51687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    683964201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    683964201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    683964201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    683964201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    683964201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    683964201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        51687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            51687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     164                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    275776                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    8030     37.83%     37.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     27      0.13%     37.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    474      2.23%     40.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     67      0.32%     40.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  12631     59.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               21229                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     8026     48.28%     48.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      27      0.16%     48.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     474      2.85%     51.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      67      0.40%     51.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    8029     48.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                16623                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            461806934500     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1930500      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               23226000      0.01%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                8577000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1005463500      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        462846131500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999502                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.635658                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.783033                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.27%      0.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       114     31.32%     31.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        12      3.30%     34.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        33      9.07%     43.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       32      8.79%     52.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                       32      8.79%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       32      8.79%     70.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       51     14.01%     84.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       34      9.34%     93.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       23      6.32%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   364                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  370      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  301      0.17%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                18033     10.46%     10.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1190      0.69%     11.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     11.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     11.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2646      1.53%     13.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 791      0.46%     13.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     13.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             149100     86.46%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                172440                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2947                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2539                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2539                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2539                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.861554                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.925629                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       60470900500     13.07%     13.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        402375231000     86.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     301                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4124144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          509.576125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          208683795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4124144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            50.600511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   509.576125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.995266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        429700829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       429700829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    154373095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      154373095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     54037297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      54037297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       118252                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       118252                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       121984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       121984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    208410392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       208410392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    208410392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      208410392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2537540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2537540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1590533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1590533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1377                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1377                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4128073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       4128073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4128073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      4128073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    156910635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    156910635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     55627830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     55627830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       123525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       123525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       123361                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       123361                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    212538465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    212538465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    212538465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    212538465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.042688                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042688                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011162                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011162                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3006500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3006500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           453082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          811146005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           453082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1790.285213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1623688082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1623688082                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    811164418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      811164418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    811164418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       811164418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    811164418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      811164418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       453082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        453082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       453082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    811617500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    811617500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    811617500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    811617500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    811617500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    811617500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       453082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           453082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     232                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    266678                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    4820     34.34%     34.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    474      3.38%     37.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    277      1.97%     39.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   8466     60.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               14037                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     4817     46.51%     46.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     474      4.58%     51.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     277      2.67%     53.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    4790     46.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                10358                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            462812566500     99.85%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               23226000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               32794500      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              631595000      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        463500182000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999378                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.565793                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.737907                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                         3     15.00%     15.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        9     45.00%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.00%     65.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        5     25.00%     90.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                        1      5.00%     95.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::92                        1      5.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    20                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   53      0.30%      0.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  280      1.58%      1.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                12013     67.59%     69.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    976      5.49%     74.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.02%     74.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.02%     75.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    1390      7.82%     82.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 226      1.27%     84.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     84.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               2826     15.90%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 17773                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1670                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               1155                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               1155                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 1155                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.691617                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.817699                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      106941943000     22.27%     22.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        373186237500     77.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     280                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          4169146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.744018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          187809013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4169146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.047358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   504.744018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.985828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        388140914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       388140914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    151911613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      151911613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     35873447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      35873447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    187785060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       187785060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    187785060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      187785060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1715662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1715662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2456368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2456368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1024                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1024                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4172030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       4172030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4172030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      4172030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    153627275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    153627275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     38329815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     38329815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    191957090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    191957090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    191957090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    191957090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.011168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.145923                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.145923                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075145                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3625147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          3625147                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           116275                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          727526325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           116275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          6256.945388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1499118785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1499118785                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    749384980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      749384980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    749384980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       749384980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    749384980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      749384980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       116275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        116275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       116275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    749501255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    749501255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    749501255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    749501255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    749501255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    749501255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       116275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           116275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  96                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   835584                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        108                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               17055                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              17055                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        10378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        26198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        26198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   36576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        24936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          729                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        28405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       835928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       835928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   864333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                13099                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                13099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               117891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              117891                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               43                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           13056                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                13056                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      12400678                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6200671                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        63592                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1510640                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1473959                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        36681                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 901                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            2870854                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5090223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        72499                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           970337                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3047                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2032                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5079                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3330486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3330486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         104942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2765011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       144596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7647789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       137787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     10619579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               18549751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5845824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    280686204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5510400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    435213946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               727256374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          9445781                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          21842788                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.076681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.272323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                20204532     92.50%     92.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 1601575      7.33%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   36681      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            21842788                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      17741780                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8871363                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       115635                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          569210                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       477511                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        91699                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 289                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            4830120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6631647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       492841                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1625983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             5166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7567                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4041735                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4041735                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         569357                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4260474                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1311409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     12375651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       320146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     12506253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               26513459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     54932928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    456752944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     13047744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    499028175                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1023761791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          5692223                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          23432352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.038124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.210943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                22630723     96.58%     96.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  709930      3.03%     99.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   91699      0.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            23432352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             1365875                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3750.551840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               7127814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             1365875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                5.218497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1886.707569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.053469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.155469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   161.171512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   812.138938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   171.838494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   718.486389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.460622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.039349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.198276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.041953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.175412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.915662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962646                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           103393756                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          103393756                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5090223                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5090223                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        72499                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        72499                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       726150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2039830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         2765980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        35602                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        41256                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        76858                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       863576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1144536                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2008112                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        35602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1589726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        41256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3184366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            4850950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        35602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1589726                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        41256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3184366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           4850950                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2269                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          666                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1254                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          532                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1786                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       289571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       274888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        564459                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17653                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10431                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        28084                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       670340                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        84421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       754761                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       959911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       359309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          1347304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       959911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       359309                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         1347304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5090223                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5090223                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        72499                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        72499                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          679                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2959                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1262                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          541                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1015721                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2314718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3330439                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       104942                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1533916                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1228957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2762873                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2549637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3543675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        6198254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2549637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3543675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       6198254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995175                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.980854                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993661                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.983364                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990571                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.285089                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.118757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.169485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.331481                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.201811                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.267614                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.437012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068693                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.273180                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.331481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.376489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.201811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.101394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.217368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.331481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.376489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.201811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.101394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.217368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         838473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              838473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2577620                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3833.644287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              10808343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2577620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.193148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2005.789659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   257.584897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1007.903678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    57.737453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   504.628600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.489695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.062887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.246070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.123200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.935948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          630                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.954346                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           147617545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          147617545                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6631647                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6631647                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       492841                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       492841                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             78                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       997496                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2042335                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         3039831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       311036                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        83480                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       394516                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1585223                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1366922                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2952145                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       311036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2582719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        83480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      3409257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            6386492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       311036                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2582719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        83480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      3409257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           6386492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2731                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1329                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4060                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          883                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          558                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1441                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       589678                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       411889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1001567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       142046                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        32795                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       174841                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       955664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       349104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1304768                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       142046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1545342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        32795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       760993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2481176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       142046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1545342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        32795                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       760993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2481176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6631647                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6631647                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       492841                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       492841                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2775                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1363                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          896                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1456                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1587174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2454224                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4041398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       569357                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2540887                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1716026                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4256913                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4128061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4170250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        8867668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4128061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4170250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       8867668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.984144                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.975055                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981150                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985491                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996429                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989698                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.371527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.167829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.247827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.313511                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.282047                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.307085                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.376114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.203437                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.306506                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.313511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.374351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.282047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.182481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.279800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.313511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.374351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.282047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.182481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.279800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1362814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1362814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            986212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              3999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             3999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       864254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          601135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           566987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          566914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       985022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       161565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3859505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      4026726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       550043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       554765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        39121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        39297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               4620788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      4364992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    135511680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    139890742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     13921152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14335                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     13935487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       835264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       838336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              154664565                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         7669028                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         10756018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.712440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.452625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                3092999     28.76%     28.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                7663019     71.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           10756018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           2203648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2192976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1516365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            6445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1565390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1565019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2203359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      6811396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       600992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      7412388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3855861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      3855861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              11268249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    231837248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     14188223                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    246025471                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    135515520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    135515520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              381540991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          542372                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          8048293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.067106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.250205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                7508207     93.29%     93.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 540086      6.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            8048293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      1561321                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.486553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         6692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      1561321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.464237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.897714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.119349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.716515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.118607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.132459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     22894724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     22894724                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       843168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       843168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1847                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         5028                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          897                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           76                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          973                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         6001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2744                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3257                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         6001                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          809                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          459                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          625                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       285490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       271541                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       557031                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       649634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        73206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       724221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        12992                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        12992                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       935124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       344747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      1281252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       935124                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       344747                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      1281252                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       843168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       843168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          459                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          625                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       287337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       274722                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       562059                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       650531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73282                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       725194                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        12992                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12992                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       937868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       348004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      1287253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       937868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       348004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      1287253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993572                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.988421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.991054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998963                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998658                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       837152                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       837152                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       214500                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.465496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         5150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       214500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.024009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.771390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.129572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.248191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.423429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.892915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.173212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.195598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.203012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.151464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.243307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3305559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3305559                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        14004                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14004                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          225                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1142                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          515                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         1954                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          576                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          424                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          535                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          790                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1802                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          892                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2694                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93693                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29171                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        39738                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       202815                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        40630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       205509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93693                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42015                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29171                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        40630                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       205509                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        14004                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14004                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          576                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          424                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          535                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          901                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29243                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40244                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       204696                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        43157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        41145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       207463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        43157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        41145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       207463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.965702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990011                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.973618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.973893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987427                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990811                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.973538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.973538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        13288                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        13288                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       213265                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.395376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       213265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.011511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.339993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.641687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.484776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.796163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.132757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.083750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.227605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.217798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.174760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.258297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3274109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3274109                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          332                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          681                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          339                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          337                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          716                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          576                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          424                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          535                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          790                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93678                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39904                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        39406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       202134                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        41676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        40293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       204793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93678                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        41676                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29146                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        40293                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       204793                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          576                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          424                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          535                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1802                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          892                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2694                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29171                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        39738                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       202815                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        42015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       205509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        42015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       205509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.987008                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999840                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992316                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991645                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996642                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        12725                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        12725                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      1553374                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.513092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         7664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      1553374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.198396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.970851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.336750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.699900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.123178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.146047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     22798588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     22798588                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       837152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       837152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4039                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total         6505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          419                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          471                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total         6976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2885                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4091                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total         6976                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          809                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          459                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          625                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       283024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       267502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        12992                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       563518                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       649215                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        73154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       723750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       932239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       340656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        13035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      1287268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       932239                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       340656                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        13035                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      1287268                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       837152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       837152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          459                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          625                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       285490                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       271541                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        12992                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       570023                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       649634                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       724221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       935124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       344747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        13035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      1294244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       935124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       344747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        13035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      1294244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991362                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.988588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999355                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999290                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999350                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.988133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.988133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       830162                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       830162                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            73718298                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             38677                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        73001379                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           22438887                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            35376                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       20772544                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            96157185                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             74053                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        93773923                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          356872558                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              310                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      356872868                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               925692714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          361972189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            361972189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    284248233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      89910869                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2730493                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     33381996                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           284248233                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             89910869                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    489163328                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    205405928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    105917588                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     76402643                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             96241300                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           73765718                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          22475582                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      563646426.257694                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      362046287.742306                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.391108                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.608892                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 37895863                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     19801995      5.47%      5.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        186270643     51.45%     56.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          118920      0.03%     56.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       38154232     10.54%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        9971131      2.75%     70.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2455301      0.68%     70.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       7088267      1.96%     72.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         789585      0.22%     73.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        282316      0.08%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        73797790     20.38%     93.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       22477904      6.21%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        838158      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         362046242                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           138413021                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             59008                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       138266726                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           30114198                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           112540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       30107588                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           168527219                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            171548                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       168374314                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          683130364                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              290                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      683130654                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               927001064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          683792653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            683792653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    557833029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     141407809                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            2793292                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     78901182                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           557833029                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            141407809                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    901460940                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    408445713                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    149601351                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    118953777                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            168717036                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          138489546                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          30227490                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      242069802.609942                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      684931261.390058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.738868                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.261132                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 84046092                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     40918780      5.98%      5.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        389794606     56.99%     62.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           74953      0.01%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       57007914      8.33%     71.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       18608271      2.72%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt           1306      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult       6602867      0.97%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          22886      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        447640      0.07%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       138496153     20.25%     95.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       30227525      4.42%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       1761300      0.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         683964201                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           156873799                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             59542                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       155894035                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           55753410                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            35919                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       53905889                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           212627209                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             95461                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       209799924                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          805046429                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             7324                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      805053753                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               925692444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          811522038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            811522038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    637963105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     175668403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            7848252                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     74890776                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           637963105                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            175668403                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1057423789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    464911375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    205813484                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    149536012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            212885113                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          157093987                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          55791126                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      114067627.216507                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      811624816.783492                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.876776                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.123224                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 85715069                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     56164590      6.92%      6.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        420667505     51.83%     58.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         3285156      0.40%     59.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       78195715      9.63%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       19035043      2.35%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2158203      0.27%     71.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      16103443      1.98%     73.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        1404109      0.17%     73.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt        310554      0.04%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       157244267     19.37%     92.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       55793476      6.87%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       1255439      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         811617500                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           153613406                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            133136                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       153260340                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           38344028                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           114404                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       37635751                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           191957434                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            247540                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       190896091                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          746571995                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              731                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      746572726                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               927001049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          749253715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            749253715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    608551096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     158546129                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            3507523                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     83075674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           608551096                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            158546129                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    990032575                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    441644208                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    169141338                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    133532641                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            192234073                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          153774114                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          38459959                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      176439629.973483                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      750561419.026517                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.809666                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.190334                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 89017479                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     45332793      6.05%      6.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        415812577     55.48%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          310404      0.04%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       63578820      8.48%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       19787217      2.64%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt         297776      0.04%     72.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult       8804490      1.17%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         260567      0.03%     73.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        505232      0.07%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       153795174     20.52%     94.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       38460807      5.13%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       2555398      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         749501255                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         927325                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       850440                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       612401                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2836                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2230                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3683                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        572777                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       572717                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       927036                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      3880608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      3880608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       595270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       595270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            4475878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    136409344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    136409344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     14017343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     14017343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           150426687                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      6435701                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       9397365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.683945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.464935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             2970081     31.61%     31.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             6427284     68.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         9397365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013297                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13297317000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2755118684000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              254607160                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                254606625                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1220654516                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 765476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2773576170                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2773576170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       217280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       211968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        44992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       349824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       184704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        35200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1072448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       217280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        44992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       349824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        35200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       647296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       177024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         177024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         3312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              16757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     16340138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     15940659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3383540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1222502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     26307863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     13890321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2647151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       919283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             80651458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     16340138                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3383540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     26307863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2647151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        48678692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       13312761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            13312761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       13312761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     16340138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     15940659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3383540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1222502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     26307863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     13890321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2647151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       919283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            93964218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       567040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       110336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        39744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1642432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        58496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       155648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2631680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        53888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        39744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        97728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      1856448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1856448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        25663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         2432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              41120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        29007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             29007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4052547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     42643189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       259902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      8297614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2988874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    123516045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        48130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      4399083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       11705218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            197910601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4052547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       259902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2988874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        48130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         7349453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      139610720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           139610720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      139610720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4052547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     42643189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       259902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      8297614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2988874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    123516045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        48130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      4399083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      11705218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           337521321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4842                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1725     44.71%     44.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      3.08%     47.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     14      0.36%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     17      0.44%     48.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1983     51.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                3858                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1721     48.10%     48.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      3.33%     51.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      14      0.39%     51.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      17      0.48%     52.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1707     47.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 3578                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             12793690000     97.70%     97.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8925000      0.07%     97.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 686000      0.01%     97.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2725000      0.02%     97.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              288975000      2.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13095001000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997681                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.860817                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.927424                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1     12.50%     12.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     12.50%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     12.50%     37.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         1     12.50%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     12.50%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1     12.50%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1     12.50%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                        1     12.50%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     8                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   43      1.07%      1.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   70      1.74%      2.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.05%      2.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3465     86.04%     88.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     52      1.29%     90.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.10%     90.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     5      0.12%     90.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     244      6.06%     96.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  68      1.69%     98.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.12%     98.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                 69      1.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  4027                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              315                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 99                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.314286                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.476998                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       12158468500     93.34%     93.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           867842500      6.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      70                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            24547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.266604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             762103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            25006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.476806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.266604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.920443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1511846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1511846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       471958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         471958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       235549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        235549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4637                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4637                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       707507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          707507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       707507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         707507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          423                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          423                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         25362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        25362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       491807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       491807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       241062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       241062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5060                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5060                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       732869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       732869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       732869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       732869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.142149                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142149                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.083597                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.083597                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            10762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.996492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           14607373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1407.532569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.996492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5946521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5946521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2958454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2958454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2958454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2958454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2958454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2958454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2968325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2968325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2968325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2968325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2968325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2968325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      41                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1704                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     320     37.34%     37.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     14      1.63%     38.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     31      3.62%     42.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    492     57.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 857                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      318     48.70%     48.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      14      2.14%     50.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      31      4.75%     55.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     290     44.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  653                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13034947500     99.59%     99.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 686000      0.01%     99.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5577000      0.04%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               48048000      0.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13089258500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.993750                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.589431                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.761960                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.46%      0.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  106      9.70%     10.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.37%     10.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  651     59.56%     70.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     33      3.02%     73.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.18%     73.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     2      0.18%     73.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     162     14.82%     88.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  60      5.49%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.09%     93.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                 67      6.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1093                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              200                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 68                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                124                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  120                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    5                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.620000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.073529                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.641753                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         113730500      0.87%      0.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            79036000      0.60%      1.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         12876222500     98.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     106                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             4447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.239655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             158957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.426969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   467.239655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.912577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           254337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          254337                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        73763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          73763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        42708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         42708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       116471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          116471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       116471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         116471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          371                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          371                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          394                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          394                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        77556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        44456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       122012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       122012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       122012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       122012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.039320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.296563                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.296563                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.332209                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.332209                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           35906409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6790.168116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           848750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          848750                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       417211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         417211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       417211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          417211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       417211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         417211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       421987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       421987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       421987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       421987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       421987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       421987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     85246                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1050     43.07%     43.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      2      0.08%     43.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     14      0.57%     43.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     20      0.82%     44.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1352     55.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2438                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1048     49.18%     49.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       2      0.09%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      14      0.66%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      20      0.94%     50.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1047     49.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2131                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13138641000     98.81%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 143000      0.00%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 686000      0.01%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3041000      0.02%     98.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              154631500      1.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13297142500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998095                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.774408                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.874077                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         2      8.00%      8.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      4.00%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     20.00%     32.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      8.00%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      4.00%     44.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      4.00%     48.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     12.00%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     16.00%     76.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        4     16.00%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                        1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   38      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   92      0.11%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2225      2.68%      2.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     46      0.06%      2.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      2.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     179      0.22%      3.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  58      0.07%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              80244     96.81%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 82887                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              271                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                164                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                164                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  164                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.605166                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.754023                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8029461500     60.38%     60.38% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5267681000     39.62%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      92                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            49292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.618551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            3680764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            49804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            73.904988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   501.618551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.979724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7486406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7486406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2311080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2311080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1260759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1260759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        47458                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47458                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        47582                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47582                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3571839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         3571839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3571839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        3571839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        39872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          429                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          429                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        50165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         50165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        50165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        50165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2350952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2350952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1271052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1271052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        48063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        48011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3622004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3622004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3622004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3622004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008935                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35712                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            35712                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            12821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11368838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           852.684167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22663343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22663343                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11312437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11312437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11312437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11312437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11312437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11312437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        12823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         12823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        12823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11325260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11325260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11325260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11325260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11325260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11325260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        12821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            12821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      40                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       989                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     254     35.03%     35.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     14      1.93%     36.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     47      6.48%     43.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    410     56.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 725                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      252     45.24%     45.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      14      2.51%     47.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      47      8.44%     56.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     244     43.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  557                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13041263000     99.63%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 686000      0.01%     99.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5867000      0.04%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               41574500      0.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13089390500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992126                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.595122                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.768276                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    6      0.67%      0.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   48      5.39%      6.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  586     65.84%     71.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     28      3.15%     75.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.22%     75.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.11%     75.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      97     10.90%     86.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  54      6.07%     92.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                 68      7.64%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   890                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              145                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 56                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 56                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   56                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.386207                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.557214                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         969000500     93.12%     93.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            71563000      6.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      48                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2686                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.256630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             105748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.731419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   481.256630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.939954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           183942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          183942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        54034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          54034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          336                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          336                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        84869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           84869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        84869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          84869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          411                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          411                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        56336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        32288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          747                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        88624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        88624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        88624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        88624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.040862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.415049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.415049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.550201                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.550201                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.042370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.042370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             3429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           22184781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          5629.226338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           586149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          586149                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       287931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         287931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       287931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          287931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       287931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         287931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          3429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         3429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       291360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       291360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       291360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       291360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       291360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       291360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3429                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             3429                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   155648                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3190                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3190                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         4874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         4874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           54                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4886                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       155688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       155688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   160574                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 2437                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 2453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                21933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               21933                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            2432                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 2432                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         91120                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        45597                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         7410                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           22498                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        20576                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1922                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              40124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13395                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         9488                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13997                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1089                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          14647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         24759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        26465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        79119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        16617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 134518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1062016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2323722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       482624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       517000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 4385362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           133138                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            223510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.175827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.402719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  186141     83.28%     83.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   35439     15.86%     99.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1930      0.86%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              223510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        140187                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        69968                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         7100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           25376                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21206                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4170                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              59389                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37441                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        11506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1905                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          16252                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         43121                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        35282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       150377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 205932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1437376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5502212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       339136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       338368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 7617092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           106695                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            245097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.177811                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.424526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  205686     83.92%     83.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   35241     14.38%     98.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4170      1.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              245097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               20525                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3956.837219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                551494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               23856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               23.117622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1320.646721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   877.988679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1394.935461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   155.793464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   207.472893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.322424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.214353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.340560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.038036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.050653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.966025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.813232                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              695016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             695016                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13395                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13395                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         9488                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         9488                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             68                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1239                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          357                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1596                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5634                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9653                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10837                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        12952                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        12076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              24201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5634                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        12076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4019                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             24201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          475                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          398                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          873                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          323                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          261                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          584                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3631                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          4518                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4237                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          757                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4994                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9464                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            20686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13095                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          757                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2597                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           20686                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13395                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13395                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         9488                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         9488                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          536                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          405                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          941                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          323                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          261                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          584                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1244                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        14647                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        20301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3825                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        24126                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          44887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         44887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.886194                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.982716                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.927736                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.745585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.713023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.738960                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.429237                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158501                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.340957                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.466184                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.447059                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.463152                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.429237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.520242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.512330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.460846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.429237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.520242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.512330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.460846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           7363                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                7363                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               37868                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4039.929486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                311489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               41897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                7.434637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   504.986989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1182.066635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2173.821991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   105.058837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    73.995034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.123288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.288590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.530718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.025649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.018065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.986311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983643                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1112262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1112262                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        37441                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37441                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        11506                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        11506                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1869                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          352                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2221                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         6735                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9602                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        18432                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        19585                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         6735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              31408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         6735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             31408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          432                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          454                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          886                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          307                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          628                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8420                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6087                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6649                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        21750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1245                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        22995                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        29634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            38064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        29634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1781                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           38064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        37441                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37441                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        11506                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        11506                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          437                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          460                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          897                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          629                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9753                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          888                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        12822                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        16251                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        42580                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        12822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          69472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        12822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         69472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988558                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.986957                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987737                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996753                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998410                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.808367                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.603604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.791279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.474731                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.163896                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.409144                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.541287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.519183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.540042                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.474731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.593451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.163896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.541996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.547904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.474731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.593451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.163896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.541996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.547904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          22013                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               22013                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             26360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           14785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        25626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        23439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        37983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        64092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        27597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        27911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         7294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         7310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 99313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       634432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1158720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3858                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1797010                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       698048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       699076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       154944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       155968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2652054                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           87920                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           152654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.565200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.495732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  66374     43.48%     43.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  86280     56.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             152654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             37855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           17386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            15053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           14968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        37839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        83861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        29982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       113843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        45017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        45017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                158860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       700420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      3844548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1465152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1465152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                5309700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           38381                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           141287                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.264058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.440832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 103979     73.59%     73.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  37308     26.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             141287                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        15647                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.945978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        15662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.035500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.331261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.238541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.595153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.775211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.833204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.037197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.048451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       255485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       255485                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          312                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          580                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3295                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          850                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         4145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6093                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         2432                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        12347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9388                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2059                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        12347                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          312                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          580                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6098                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8207                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         2432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        12355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        12355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999090                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999277                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999180                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         8142                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         8142                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         9988                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.416744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        10004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.050780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.230629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.464966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.574841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.107963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.038345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.139414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.091560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.285928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.131748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.252397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.901047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       163294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       163294                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          278                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9454                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         9784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3262                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         9784                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          278                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2959                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9462                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         9794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         9794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993569                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993976                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997972                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999155                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1127                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1127                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         9978                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.311273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         9994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.049830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.006133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.649734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.647273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.183832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.824301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.125383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.103108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.290455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.136489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.239019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       163149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       163149                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1127                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1127                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          278                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2952                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9453                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         9782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3260                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         9782                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1127                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1127                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          278                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          309                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9454                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         9784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         9784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996764                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996970                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999661                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999894                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1125                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1125                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        15628                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.098455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        15640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.035486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.465146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.179990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.684623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.762969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.042789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.047686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       257731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       257731                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          312                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          580                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          849                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        14765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9375                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2058                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         2436                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        14765                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          312                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          580                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6577                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6093                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        14779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           54                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         2436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        14779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998824                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998851                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         8128                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         8128                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              496970                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               367                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses          275934                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             246660                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               52                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses         128431                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              743630                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               419                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          404365                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits            1776095                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              235                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses        1776330                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                26178186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            2967894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              2967894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      2894123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3198                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             121950                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       356336                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             2894123                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3198                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3829729                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      2216068                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         1673                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         1547                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               745147                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             498140                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            247007                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      23256137.551606                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2922048.448394                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.111622                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.888378                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   541456                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        14220      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          2169042     73.07%     73.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            3484      0.12%     73.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     73.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd            215      0.01%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              3      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv             16      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          509930     17.18%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         247430      8.34%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         23985      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           2968325                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               77936                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               360                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           23129                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              45495                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               46                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          14921                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              123431                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               406                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           38050                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             176437                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              140                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         176577                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                26178482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             421560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               421560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       400824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          2298                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              10871                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        49680                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              400824                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 2298                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       536103                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       298512                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         1189                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         1121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               125096                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              79179                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             45917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      25762999.804189                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      415482.195811                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.015871                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.984129                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    68880                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        10366      2.46%      2.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           272205     64.51%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             996      0.24%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             83      0.02%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           81379     19.28%     86.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          45960     10.89%     97.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         10995      2.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            421987                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             2317970                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1750                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         2177908                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1318992                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              142                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1199252                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             3636962                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              1892                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         3377160                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           10568370                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              428                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       10568798                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                26594648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           11323363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             11323363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     10139832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          4952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             625351                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      1373043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            10139832                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 4952                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     13534784                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      7234511                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         3036                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2990                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              3720266                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            2400781                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1319485                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      15268967.518768                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      11325680.481232                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.425863                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.574137                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  2322765                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       749402      6.62%      6.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          6686010     59.04%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2494      0.02%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1287      0.01%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              2      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              7      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            228      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         2452333     21.65%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1319687     11.65%     99.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        113808      1.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          11325260                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               56836                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                34                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           21397                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              32997                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               10                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          14289                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               89833                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                44                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           35686                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             155428                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               13                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         155441                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                26178368                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             291316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               291316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       275375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          2010                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        36111                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              275375                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 2010                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       366939                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       200398                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         1044                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          966                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                90393                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              57194                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             33199                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      25891594.034156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      286773.965844                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.010955                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.989045                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    51628                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         7816      2.68%      2.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           185997     63.84%     66.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             875      0.30%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             59      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           58413     20.05%     86.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          33259     11.42%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          4941      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            291360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          17672                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            141                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           141                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13086                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1027                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          831                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1465                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6959                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6907                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        17656                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        45215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        45215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        29955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        29955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              75170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1466944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1466944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       699332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       699332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             2166276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       100671                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        146938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.666628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.471420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               48985     33.34%     33.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               97953     66.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          146938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
