
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355497500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271873990500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              126094239                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                126091110                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              332246679                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134912037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134912037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        57728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        39104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       186688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            519872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       236352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       142400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         142400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    302809443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    162386515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68591200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    109997961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293447915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    525145746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1462378779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    302809443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68591200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293447915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       664848557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      400565405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           400565405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      400565405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    302809443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    162386515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     68591200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    109997961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    293447915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    525145746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1862944184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       127744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       408000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            588864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        12416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       411200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         411200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26284292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    359338673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2520412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    114498695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6120999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   1147687396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1656450467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26284292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2520412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6120999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        34925703                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1156688866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1156688866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1156688866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     26284292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    359338673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2520412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    114498695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6120999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   1147687396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2813139333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       566                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     160     47.62%     47.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.30%     47.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    175     52.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 336                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      160     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     159     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  320                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               137774000     92.12%     92.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11617000      7.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           149555500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.908571                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.34%      3.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  317     88.30%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      5.01%     97.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   359                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61237000     75.29%     75.29% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.71%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4927                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.597063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.140248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    22.946634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   437.650429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.044818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.854786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129094                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           55912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          55912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        60854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        60854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077689                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077689                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.972036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             281303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.537052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.682882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   481.289154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.059928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.940018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           331747                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          331747                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         162188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          162188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         162188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       164645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       164645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       784                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               177130500     96.97%     96.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.20%     97.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5182500      2.84%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           182674000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.32%     21.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.47%     23.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.43%     70.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.37%     70.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.37%     96.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.31%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   272                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58575000      5.41%      5.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.76%      6.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1015469500     93.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.470635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              36601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.199227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    63.962125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   368.508510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.124926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.719743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            77776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           77776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.806632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              96725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.894780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   199.933771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   311.872860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.390496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.609127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           270841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          270841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1210                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               377091500     97.06%     97.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.03%     97.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11322000      2.91%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           388525500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.23%      9.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.17%      9.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     69.16%     79.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.42%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.61%     99.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         555469000     88.03%     88.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     11.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          435.517292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             148189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.020522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   112.811450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   322.705842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.220335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.630285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           358104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          358104                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        76992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          157622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         157622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067233                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.866884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             261424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.333256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   201.369409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   310.497475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.393300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.606440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           915452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          915452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               182468000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           182632500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.465811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   454.304929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.160882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.887314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21308                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1302                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2441                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2204                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          237                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8023                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2924                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              128                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3684                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  30977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       288320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       508304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       187480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1118696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34563                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             55744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.097499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.311218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50556     90.69%     90.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4941      8.86%     99.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     247      0.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               55744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33761                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16587                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1250                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5502                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4879                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          623                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3846                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5790                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        37349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  49630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       507200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1316256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1823784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            30599                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             64053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.130673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   56308     87.91%     87.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    7120     11.12%     99.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     625      0.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               64053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7980                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3594.819107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.737218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1805.758352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    28.038203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    52.071262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.059474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.621670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   533.141219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   489.730883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   242.724634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   438.673410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.440859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.006845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.012713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.130161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.119563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.059259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.107098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.877641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765137                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170376                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3847                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2924                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2924                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          194                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          629                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1461                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1716                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1828                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2223                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1753                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3847                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2924                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2924                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2071                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          613                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3684                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4240                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971698                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.906325                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.892333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.903130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.743997                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.603420                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.616819                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.551502                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.595283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.743997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.738856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.655395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.675999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.743997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.738856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.655395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.675999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10816                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3740.950000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.942585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1557.549287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   245.379255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   199.982157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   227.560413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   300.749619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   430.059461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   779.504261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.165548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.059907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.048824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.055557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.073425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.104995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.190309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.913318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              278467                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             278467                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2670                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2670                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2349                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1664                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1664                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3431                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5779                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5781                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          16909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         16909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988506                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383941                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.383941                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.593701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.593669                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.681826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        11097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        14107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 35587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       284160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       486400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       770600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       431232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       431272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1201872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           16399                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            41196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.389649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  25144     61.04%     61.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16052     38.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              41196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              5794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        17297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        15369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        11015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        11015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 43681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       536576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       434088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       970664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       486208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       486208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1456872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           12109                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            40589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.280076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.449042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  29221     71.99%     71.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  11368     28.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              40589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            5360                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.222730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            5360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.005037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.161567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.108411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.299130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.043978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.608198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.822598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.018696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.038012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses           72328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses          72328                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1673                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2210                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          698                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2908                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         4689                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            4689                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            4731                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.857740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            4731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.017332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.961683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.078804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.799153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.078279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     1.438618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.559808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.941395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.067425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.112447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.067392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.089914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.159988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.121337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           90099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          90099                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1630                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2751                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         4719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1630                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         4719                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1630                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         4721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         4721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998219                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999274                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         2036                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            2036                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33622                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8141                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28315                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4596                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               61937                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12737                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43512                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43606                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  298417                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             164533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               164533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       158820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        16979                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              158820                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       219093                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       111929                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62201                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              33826                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28375                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      229273.588854                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      69143.411146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.231701                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.768299                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22333                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2806      1.70%      1.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95031     57.72%     59.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             145      0.09%     59.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           34778     21.12%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28655     17.40%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3200      1.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            164645                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23510                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13693                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37203                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23115                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23240                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4543335687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             134422                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               134422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       129201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        15930                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              129201                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       171499                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        98393                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38311                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24394                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             13917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3681118255.762825                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      862217431.237175                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.189776                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.810224                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2760      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86205     63.95%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              79      0.06%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25435     18.87%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          13927     10.33%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6374      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            134807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               83488                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              88747                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              172235                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             161958                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162110                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4543747982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             455076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               455076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       437996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              437996                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       630088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       297712                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               173349                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              84328                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             89021                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1631447057.042561                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2912300924.957438                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.640947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.359053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    58814                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9792      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           259141     56.88%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             525      0.12%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           86607     19.01%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          89088     19.56%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9007      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            455559                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4543335573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540977622.772894                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2357950.227106                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000519                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999481                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017052                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17052376500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2289283299000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3614688                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3614686                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              364357732                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1310880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   169171540                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     169171540                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       104256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2123520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      5831552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        21824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           8232256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       124416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2123520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        21824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      2281024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      5206656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5206656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        33180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        91118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             128629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        81354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             81354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       660553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       375314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7296109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      6113869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    124529270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    341978844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1279822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       529193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            482762974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       660553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7296109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    124529270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1279822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       133765754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      305333160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           305333160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      305333160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       660553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       375314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      7296109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      6113869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    124529270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    341978844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1279822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       529193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           788096134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       104320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       214784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      6897408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      6303680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13553280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       214784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       228160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     10256768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       10256768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       107772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        98495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             211770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       160262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            160262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       277733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       784407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      6117622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     12595546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    404483680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       878235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      369665776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            794803000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       784407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     12595546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        13379953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      601486133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           601486133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      601486133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       277733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       784407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      6117622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     12595546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    404483680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       878235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     369665776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1396289133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      21                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1002                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     342     35.48%     35.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72      7.47%     42.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     18      1.87%     44.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.10%     44.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    531     55.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 964                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      342     44.13%     44.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72      9.29%     53.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      18      2.32%     55.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     55.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     342     44.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  775                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             17206152500     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.03%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 882000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               46830000      0.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17259429000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.644068                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.803942                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  784     86.06%     86.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     38      4.17%     90.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      89      9.77%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   911                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               91                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          402.647909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              10811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            44.858921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   402.647909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.786422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.786422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            90591                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           90591                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        15569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          601                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          601                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           43395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          43395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           43                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           43                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        28167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        43870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        43870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.066770                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.066770                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.089161                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089161                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              77778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           126.058347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.913250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   509.086750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.005690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.994310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           286405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          286405                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       142277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         142277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       142277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          142277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       142277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         142277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       142894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       142894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       142894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       142894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       142894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1058                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     270     37.71%     37.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     18      2.51%     40.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.14%     40.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    427     59.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 716                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      270     48.39%     48.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      18      3.23%     51.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.18%     51.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     269     48.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  558                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16808639500     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 882000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22873000      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         16832559000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.629977                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.779330                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      1.84%      1.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.26%      2.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  658     86.47%     88.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     36      4.73%     93.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.13%     93.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      39      5.12%     98.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.18%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   761                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.050000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.567568                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65205500     43.50%     43.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            84678000     56.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          436.406583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             116764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.385348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   436.406583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.852357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.852357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           250089                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          250089                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        67964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          67964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        47239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         47239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          595                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          595                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       115203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          115203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       115203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         115203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           57                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           57                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        71278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        49540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       120818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       120818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       120818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       120818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.167832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.167832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.080622                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.080622                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             3009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             511940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           170.136258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.998071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           674295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          674295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       332631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         332631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       332631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          332631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       332631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         332631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       335642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       335642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       335642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       335642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       335642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     409                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     61876                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6593     40.37%     40.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      0.73%     41.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     18      0.11%     41.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     41.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   9599     58.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               16330                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6222     49.46%     49.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      0.95%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      18      0.14%     50.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6221     49.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12581                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16082818000     93.18%     93.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8508500      0.05%     93.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 882000      0.01%     93.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     93.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1167123500      6.76%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17259444000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.943728                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.648088                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.770423                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       397     88.03%     88.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      0.67%     88.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         6      1.33%     90.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       17      3.77%     93.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        6      1.33%     95.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.22%     95.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.22%     95.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.22%     95.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10      2.22%     98.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        5      1.11%     99.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.44%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.22%     99.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   451                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  347      0.63%      0.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      0.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                14667     26.65%     27.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    630      1.14%     28.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     28.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    1525      2.77%     31.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 475      0.86%     32.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     32.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              37367     67.90%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 55029                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1871                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               1039                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               1038                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 1039                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.554784                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.713746                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6237664000     36.00%     36.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         11088777500     64.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     347                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           319740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.121344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            8800249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           319740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.523141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.121344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.998284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18679179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18679179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4742169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4742169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3906986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3906986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       103313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       103313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       106747                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       106747                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8649155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         8649155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8649155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        8649155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       187157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       187157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       129491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       129491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3597                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3597                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       316648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        316648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       316648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       316648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4929326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4929326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4036477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4036477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       106910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       106851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8965803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8965803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8965803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8965803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.032080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033645                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033645                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000973                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000973                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       176843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           176843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           207411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           32771779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           207411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           158.004055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         66157137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        66157137                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32767452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32767452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32767452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        32767452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32767452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       32767452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       207411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       207411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       207411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        207411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       207411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       207411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32974863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32974863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32974863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     32974863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32974863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     32974863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       207411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           207411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      23                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       428                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     107     27.86%     27.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     18      4.69%     32.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.78%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    256     66.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 384                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      107     45.73%     45.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      18      7.69%     53.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.28%     54.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     106     45.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  234                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             17023613000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 882000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14437500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17039284000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.414062                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.609375                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.74%      0.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  344     84.73%     85.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     39      9.61%     95.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      20      4.93%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   406                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               23                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          422.481825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.633385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   422.481825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.825160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            37706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           37706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          10379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           17298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          17298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        18177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        18177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.053443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.040627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.201493                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.201493                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.225000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.225000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.048358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.048358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          323                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              323                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              94541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            81.081475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    11.777323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   500.222677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.023003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.976997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           108694                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          108694                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           52598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          52598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        53764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        53764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1014                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  8372224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1030                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1956                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1956                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              133250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             133250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  270412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  8383663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               131113                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               131113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1180017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1180017                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         19316                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10084                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1467                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10747                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4923                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         5824                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               7877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1900                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3628                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3818                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        16773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  29438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        56704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       343552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       569824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1006839                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           834675                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            854380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.023326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.190827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  840275     98.35%     98.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    8281      0.97%     99.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    5824      0.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              854380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1058817                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       529256                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        61977                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          111169                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        92475                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        18694                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             401172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       177166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       169582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           120415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            129528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           129528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         208577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191367                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       583610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       944329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                1533551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     24076736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     31808060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       125440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        74868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                56085104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           657380                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           1719145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.147590                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.384133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 1484112     86.33%     86.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  216337     12.58%     98.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   18696      1.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             1719145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3070.597787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.699563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1406.210795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.002973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1.006871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   167.812907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   126.503781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   936.397610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   430.662850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.343313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.040970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.030885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.228613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.105142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.749658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              152280                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             152280                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2626                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2626                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          441                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          858                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1299                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          181                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1343                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          222                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           95                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1974                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2153                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2329                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2029                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2626                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2626                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          617                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3011                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3628                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3372                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           9568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          9568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.980000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989583                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.908422                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.907853                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.285251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.715045                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.641951                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.504110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.601720                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.592186                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.285251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.531646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.715045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.721912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.683737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.285251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.531646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.715045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.721912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.683737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              247204                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3980.359900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                545263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              247204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.205721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1539.562750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.602018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.585522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   636.525530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1776.739342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    12.583279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    13.761459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.375870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.155402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.433774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.971768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1572                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             8347599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            8347599                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       177166                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       177166                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       169582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       169582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        33860                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           33876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       170840                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       171665                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        85699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          279                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        85978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       170840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       119559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             291519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       170840                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       119559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            291519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          142                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        95405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         95602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        36571                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        36912                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       104499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       104763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        36571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       199904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           237277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        36571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       199904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          237277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       177166                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       177166                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       169582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       169582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       129265                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       129478                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       207411                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       208577                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       190198                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          543                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       190741                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       207411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       319463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         528796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       207411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       319463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        528796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979310                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983240                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.738057                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.924883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.738365                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.176321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.292453                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.176971                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.549422                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.486188                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.549242                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.176321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.625750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.292453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.609788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.448712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.176321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.625750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.292453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.609788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         106515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              106515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             91453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              2434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             2434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       183917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           60022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            42238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           42229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        89794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side         8932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       357447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       364117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       296379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       393339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                778802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       304640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       397184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       703863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     11127104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total     11134128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2068480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      6322752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      8391232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               20229223                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          326284                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           841514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.387039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 515815     61.30%     61.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 325699     38.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             841514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            144074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       209070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          114317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           195326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          195276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       142846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       333712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       368613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       702325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       304901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       304901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1007226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     10854784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side     11151984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     22006768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     13020544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total     13020544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               35027312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          206218                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           871615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.235874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.424544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 666024     76.41%     76.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 205591     23.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             871615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements          103675                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.438747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs               145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs          103675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.001399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.326027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.132423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.588243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.381401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.832877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.070776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.036765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.023838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses         1739470                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses        1739470                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       102563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       102563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total             41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           39                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total            41                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           49                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1224                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           77                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          627                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1171                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        98496                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        98496                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          209                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1842                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          258                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2395                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       102563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       102563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1224                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           77                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          629                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1212                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        98496                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        98496                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996820                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.868687                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.966172                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.868687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.983169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.868687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.983169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks       102555                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total          102555                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          133612                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.854662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs               217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          133612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.001624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.970908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.420739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.371914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.069533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.021568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.373182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.151296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.460745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses         2065407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses        2065407                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        48808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total            141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          140                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total           141                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40226                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total        40236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33180                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51220                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          214                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        84955                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        91446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       125191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        33180                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        91446                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          224                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       125191                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        48808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40271                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        40281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        33181                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        51315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          214                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        85051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        33181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        91586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       125332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        33181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        91586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       125332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999970                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks        48670                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total           48670                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               29098                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              16653                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               45751                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              15791                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          15791                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                34519021                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             142894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               142894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       137208                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              10954                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         9734                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              137208                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       178443                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       106866                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                45914                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              29242                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             16672                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      34374413.542000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      144607.458000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004189                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995811                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22840                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          606      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            89572     62.68%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             224      0.16%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           31111     21.77%     85.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          16708     11.69%     96.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          4673      3.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            142894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               71863                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           37718                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              50250                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          21980                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              122113                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           59698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             177744                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         177865                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                33664690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             335485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               335485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       324553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               9275                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        35274                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              324553                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  373                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       443852                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       235135                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               122462                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              72122                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             50340                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      33333278.197114                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      331411.802886                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.009844                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.990156                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    47551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5652      1.68%      1.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           200254     59.66%     61.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             278      0.08%     61.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.01%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           73289     21.84%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          50621     15.08%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          5499      1.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            335642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             4996976                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              3743                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3250447                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            4145862                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              963                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        2773661                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             9142838                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              4706                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   24                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         6024108                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           22405453                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1979                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       22407432                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                34519324                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           32970133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             32970133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     28750635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       3851703                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            1046323                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2971702                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            28750635                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              3851703                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     41801360                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     20202903                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      2564736                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      2564220                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              9189117                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            5041215                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           4147902                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1141995.725412                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      33377328.274588                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.966917                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.033083                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  4196859                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      2321787      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         18318187     55.55%     62.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          533513      1.62%     64.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        1282192      3.89%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp             48      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         767567      2.33%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult            51      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         255850      0.78%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         5168156     15.67%     86.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        4151008     12.59%     99.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        176504      0.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          32974863                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               11086                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               7367                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               18453                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               4996                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           4996                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                34078591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              53762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                53762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        51771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2180                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         4602                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               51771                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        70943                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        39129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                18501                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              11105                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              7396                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      34024891.225109                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      53699.774891                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001576                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998424                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     7686                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          367      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            32657     60.74%     61.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             198      0.37%     61.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.02%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           11362     21.13%     82.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           7403     13.77%     96.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          1766      3.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             53764                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.521532                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                521531946000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2810815245000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1076504                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1076504                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              202188834                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1318048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2579.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2776765977                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2776765977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       807616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      3492160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       512512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      3182272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4049536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2899200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1350208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      6002112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          22295616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       807616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       512512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4049536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1350208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      6719872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      5312640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5312640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        12619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        54565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         8008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        49723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        63274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        45300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        21097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        93783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             348369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        83010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             83010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1548546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      6695966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       982705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      6101778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7764694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      5559008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2588927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     11508618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             42750240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1548546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       982705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7764694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2588927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        12884871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       10186605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            10186605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       10186605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1548546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      6695966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       982705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      6101778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      7764694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      5559008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2588927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     11508618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            52936845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       407808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     52814784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       343360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     18643904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4688832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    100192960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       821440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     43217344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       839680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         221970112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       407808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       343360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4688832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       821440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      6261440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    135476992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      135476992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         6372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       825231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         5365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       291311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        73263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1565515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        12835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       675271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        13120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3468283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2116828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2116828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       781943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    101268550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       658368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     35748345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      8990498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    192112795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1575052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     82866149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        1610026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            425611727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       781943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       658368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      8990498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1575052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        12005861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      259767389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           259767389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      259767389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       781943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    101268550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       658368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     35748345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      8990498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    192112795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1575052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     82866149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       1610026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           685379116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     473                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    109155                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    6552     34.91%     34.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    149      0.79%     35.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    534      2.85%     38.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    156      0.83%     39.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  11377     60.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               18768                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     6549     47.49%     47.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     149      1.08%     48.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     534      3.87%     52.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     156      1.13%     53.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    6402     46.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                13790                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            520520987500     99.81%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11175000      0.00%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26166000      0.01%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               31208000      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              940797500      0.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        521530334000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.562714                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.734761                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      8.89%      8.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       32     71.11%     80.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4      8.89%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        4      8.89%     97.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                        1      2.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    45                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   55      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  234      1.12%      1.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                15862     75.94%     77.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1109      5.31%     82.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.01%     82.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.01%     82.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    2069      9.91%     92.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 165      0.79%     93.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     93.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               1385      6.63%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 20887                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2300                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1455                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1454                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1455                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.632174                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.774700                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      328895027000     61.00%     61.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        210319051000     39.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     234                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2746833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          459.244392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          108344107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2746833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.443281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   459.244392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.896962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.896962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        224909554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       224909554                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     85299792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       85299792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     22992482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22992482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        16083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        17376                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17376                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    108292274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       108292274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    108292274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      108292274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1502063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1502063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1247393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1247393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3093                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3093                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1497                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1497                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2749456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2749456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2749456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2749456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     86801855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     86801855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     24239875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24239875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        18873                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18873                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    111041730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    111041730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    111041730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    111041730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.051460                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051460                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.161295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.079320                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.079320                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2087181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2087181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            63084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          425639895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            63084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          6747.192553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.493050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.506950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        851569512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       851569512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    425690130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      425690130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    425690130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       425690130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    425690130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      425690130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        63084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        63084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        63084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         63084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        63084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        63084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    425753214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    425753214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    425753214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    425753214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    425753214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    425753214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        63084                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            63084                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     318                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    169359                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2810     27.85%     27.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    534      5.29%     33.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    152      1.51%     34.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   6592     65.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               10088                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2808     45.54%     45.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     534      8.66%     54.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     152      2.47%     56.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2672     43.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 6166                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            521301123500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26166000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               25660500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              398702000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        521751652000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999288                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.405340                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.611221                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         6     75.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        2     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     8                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   10      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   65      0.51%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8656     68.36%     68.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1083      8.55%     77.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.02%     77.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     2      0.02%     77.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     746      5.89%     83.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  54      0.43%     83.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               2045     16.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 12663                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              471                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                427                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                339                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                431                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  427                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.915074                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.011799                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.696847                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         418903500      0.08%      0.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        343655548000     63.82%     63.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        194359931000     36.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      65                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          3481619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.163739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          165309033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3481619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.480506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   491.163739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.959304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        341131364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       341131364                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    139658524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      139658524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     25672580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      25672580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3614                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3614                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    165331104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       165331104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    165331104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      165331104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1413070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1413070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2070687                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2070687                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          845                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          845                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          670                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          670                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3483757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3483757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3483757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      3483757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    141071594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    141071594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     27743267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     27743267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4459                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4459                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4435                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4435                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    168814861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    168814861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    168814861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    168814861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.010017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.074637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.189504                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.189504                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.151071                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.151071                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3228411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          3228411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            57906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          663351563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            57906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         11455.661987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1377057496                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1377057496                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    688441889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      688441889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    688441889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       688441889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    688441889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      688441889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        57906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        57906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        57906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         57906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        57906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        57906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    688499795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    688499795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    688499795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    688499795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    688499795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    688499795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        57906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            57906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     199                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    270758                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    7568     36.50%     36.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     28      0.14%     36.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    534      2.58%     39.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     58      0.28%     39.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  12546     60.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               20734                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     7564     48.02%     48.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      28      0.18%     48.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     534      3.39%     51.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      58      0.37%     51.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    7569     48.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                15753                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            520560636000     99.81%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2002000      0.00%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26166000      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7632000      0.00%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              935485500      0.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        521531921500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999471                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.603300                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.759767                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.28%      0.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       114     32.20%     32.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.13%     33.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        33      9.32%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       30      8.47%     51.41% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                       32      9.04%     60.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       32      9.04%     69.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       51     14.41%     83.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       34      9.60%     93.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       22      6.21%     99.72% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                        1      0.28%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   354                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  402      0.23%      0.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  291      0.17%      0.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                17560     10.25%     10.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1324      0.77%     11.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     11.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     11.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2570      1.50%     12.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 774      0.45%     13.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     13.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             148327     86.61%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                171257                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2861                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2424                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2424                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2424                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.847256                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.917313                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      103334893000     19.81%     19.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        418197028500     80.19%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     291                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          3969960                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.712206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          217079586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3969960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            54.680547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   506.712206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.989672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        446059512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       446059512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    162097865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      162097865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     54727449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      54727449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       115927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       115927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       120027                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       120027                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    216825314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       216825314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    216825314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      216825314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2446263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2446263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1527082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1527082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5626                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5626                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1360                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1360                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3973345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3973345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3973345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3973345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    164544128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    164544128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     56254531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56254531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       121553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       121553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       121387                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       121387                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    220798659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    220798659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    220798659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    220798659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.027146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046284                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046284                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011204                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011204                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2764609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2764609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           355304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          842022882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           355304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2369.866036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1685898106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1685898106                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    842416097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      842416097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    842416097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       842416097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    842416097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      842416097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       355304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       355304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       355304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        355304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       355304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       355304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    842771401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    842771401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    842771401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    842771401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    842771401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    842771401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       355304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           355304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     353                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    275636                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    5074     33.97%     33.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    534      3.58%     37.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    301      2.02%     39.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   9028     60.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               14937                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     5072     46.29%     46.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     534      4.87%     51.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     301      2.75%     53.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    5050     46.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                10957                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            521021757000     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26166000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               35519000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              666624000      0.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        521750066000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999606                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.559371                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.733548                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                         3     15.79%     15.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        9     47.37%     63.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.26%     68.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        5     26.32%     94.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::92                        1      5.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    19                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   52      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  288      1.53%      1.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                12770     67.93%     69.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1097      5.84%     75.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.01%     75.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     2      0.01%     75.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    1462      7.78%     83.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 228      1.21%     84.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     84.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               2897     15.41%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 18800                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1749                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               1109                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               1108                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 1109                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.633505                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775717                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      214842969500     39.87%     39.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        323970064000     60.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     288                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          3828932                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.306237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          164829541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3828932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.048438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   498.306237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.973254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        341222354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       341222354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    129170615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      129170615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     35664393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      35664393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12090                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        12090                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12762                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12762                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    164835008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       164835008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    164835008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      164835008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1302422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1302422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2529899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2529899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3832321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       3832321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3832321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      3832321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    130473037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130473037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     38194292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     38194292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    168667329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    168667329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    168667329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    168667329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.009982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.066238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.132338                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.132338                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079619                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.079619                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3296139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          3296139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           107209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          598969404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           107209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          5586.932105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.263144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.736856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1302426869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1302426869                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    651052621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      651052621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    651052621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       651052621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    651052621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      651052621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       107209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       107209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       107209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        107209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       107209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       107209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    651159830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    651159830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    651159830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    651159830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    651159830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    651159830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       107209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           107209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 100                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   868352                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        112                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1238                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1238                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               17874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              17874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        11000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        27224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        27224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   38224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        27256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          786                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        30742                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       868704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       868704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   899446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                13612                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                13612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               122508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              122508                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13568                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13568                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               44                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13568                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13568                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           13568                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                13568                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      12709750                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6355349                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        73928                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          728563                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       686224                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        42339                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 899                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            3040960                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               2082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              2082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5315592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        76566                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           885087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5468                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3314779                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3314779                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         120990                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2919071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       164787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8247275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       153759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     10438002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               19003823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      6508992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    309588897                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      6134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    429590534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               751823015                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          7787012                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          20493042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.044854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.216735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                19616184     95.72%     95.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  834519      4.07%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   42339      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            20493042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16539518                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8270024                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       109005                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          403508                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       354405                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        49103                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            4218963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6060748                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       393172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1702202                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4726                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4052255                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4052255                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         462513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3756155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1019667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     11911641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       298531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     11487547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               24717386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     42519232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    431428592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     12244608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    456213119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               942405551                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          5428099                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          21966039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.030595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.184742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                21343092     97.16%     97.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  573844      2.61%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   49103      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            21966039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             1286563                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3737.409241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               7778420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             1286563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                6.045891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1941.313293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.096489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.045958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   145.215161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   546.761239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   295.589949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   808.387152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.473953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.035453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.133487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.072166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.197360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.912453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3836                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.936523                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           105689551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          105689551                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5315592                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5315592                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        76566                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        76566                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       945544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1807295                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         2752839                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        44093                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        44533                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        88626                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       915735                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1327872                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2243607                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        44093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1861279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        44533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3135167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            5085072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        44093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1861279                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        44533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3135167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           5085072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2441                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          703                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1301                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          552                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1853                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       299265                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       262605                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        561870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        18991                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13373                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        32364                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       588656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        84540                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       673196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        18991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       887921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       347145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          1267430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        18991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       887921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       347145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         1267430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5315592                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5315592                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        76566                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        76566                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2466                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          708                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3174                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1309                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          558                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1244809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2069900                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3314709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        63084                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        57906                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       120990                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1504391                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1412412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2916803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        63084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2749200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        57906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3482312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        6352502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        63084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2749200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        57906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3482312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       6352502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.989862                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.992938                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990548                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993888                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.989247                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992501                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.240410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.126868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.169508                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.301043                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.230943                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.267493                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.391292                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059855                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.230799                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.301043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.322974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.230943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.099688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.199517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.301043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.322974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.230943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.099688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.199517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         801652                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              801652                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2658186                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3856.903646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               9712824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2658186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.653929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1817.232961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   193.927708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1145.916155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    82.621046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   617.205775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.443660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.047346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.279765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.020171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.150685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.941627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2063                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957520                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           138142515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          138142515                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6060748                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6060748                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       393172                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       393172                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             83                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       953739                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2102648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         3056387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       218610                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        73135                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       291745                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1403117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       953829                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2356946                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       218610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2356856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        73135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      3056477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            5705078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       218610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2356856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        73135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      3056477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           5705078                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2167                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1451                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3618                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          853                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          626                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1479                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       570455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       424994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        995449                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       136694                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34074                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       170768                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1046612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       348790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1395402                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       136694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1617067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       773784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2561619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       136694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1617067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       773784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2561619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6060748                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6060748                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       393172                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       393172                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1490                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3701                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          861                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          630                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1491                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1524194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2527642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4051836                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       355304                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       107209                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       462513                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2449729                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1302619                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3752348                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       355304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3973923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       107209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3830261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        8266697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       355304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3973923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       107209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3830261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       8266697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.980100                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.973826                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977574                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990708                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993651                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991952                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.374267                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.168139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.245679                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.384724                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.317828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.369218                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.427236                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.267761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.371874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.384724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.406920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.317828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.202019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.309872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.384724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.406920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.317828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.202019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.309872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1396395                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1396395                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            924390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              4306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             4306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       837383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          586281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4956                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           571146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          571040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       923196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       365751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      3416368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      3788081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       631814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       636852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        39491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        40835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               4465768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     11941440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side    120457024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15143                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    132413607                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     15953984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15599                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total     15969583                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        28672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       842496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       871168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              149254358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         6038096                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          9015117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.669034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.470561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                2983696     33.10%     33.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                6031421     66.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            9015117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           2193489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2140397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1491644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            6337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1512462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1511986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2193194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      6976535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       671485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      7648020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3416952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total      3416952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              11064972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    237145408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side     16177775                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    253323183                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    120809344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total    120809344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              374132527                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          488972                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          7865017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.061923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.241016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                7377989     93.81%     93.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 487028      6.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            7865017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements         1370705                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.233209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs             11304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs         1370705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.008247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.264795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.088528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.428483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.084115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.367202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.766550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.089280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.085450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses        20279108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses       20279108                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       754373                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       754373                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4762                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total         9403                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          855                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          991                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total          10394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5496                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4898                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total         10394                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          988                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          525                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1513                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          309                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       268179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       235334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total       503513                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6372                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       558587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        56657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       627024                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13120                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        13120                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       826766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       291991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total      1130537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6372                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       826766                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5365                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       291991                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total      1130537                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       754373                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       754373                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          988                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          525                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1513                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          309                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       272820                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       240096                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       512916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6372                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       559442                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        56793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       628015                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13120                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13120                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       832262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       296889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total      1140931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       832262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       296889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total      1140931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.982989                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.980166                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.981668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998472                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998422                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.983502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.983502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks       744002                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total          744002                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          238042                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          14.434735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs              3511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          238042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.014749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.486398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.180332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.811804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.984624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.971577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.217900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.198771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.113238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.124039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.248224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses         3728239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses        3728239                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        23569                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23569                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total          912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          467                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          131                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          182                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          935                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total           1847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          155                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          744                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          131                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          817                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total          1847                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          327                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          798                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          483                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          718                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5846                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         9526                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        63274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        44204                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        21108                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        89006                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       217592                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        63274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        21108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        94852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       227118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        63274                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47884                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        21108                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        94852                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       227118                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        23569                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23569                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          798                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          483                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3957                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6481                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10438                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        63429                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        44671                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21239                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        89188                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       218527                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        63429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        95669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       228965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        63429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        95669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       228965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.929997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.902021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.912627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997556                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989546                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993832                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997959                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995721                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.984700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.984700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks        22163                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total           22163                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            86810651                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             39364                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        86111891                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           24260849                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            47750                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       22775217                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           111071500                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             87114                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       108887108                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          420916481                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              317                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      420916798                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1043064365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          425666100                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            425666100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    337357458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     101690668                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2839754                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     41677025                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           337357458                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            101690668                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    571766938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    244722467                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    116983632                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     86185687                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            111171338                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           86861294                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          24310044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      617311113.931836                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      425753251.068164                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.408175                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.591825                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 46454068                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     23830634      5.60%      5.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        224816326     52.80%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          122571      0.03%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       42631606     10.01%     68.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       11709289      2.75%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2142230      0.50%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       7303209      1.72%     73.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         702875      0.17%     73.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        318929      0.07%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        86891831     20.41%     94.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       24312353      5.71%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        971361      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         425753214                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           141059117                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             55531                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       140862907                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           27748274                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           100118                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       27703666                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           168807391                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            155649                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       168566573                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          687449382                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              361                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      687449743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1043504293                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          688344146                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            688344146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    562292821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     142694518                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            2708422                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     80384071                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           562292821                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            142694518                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    908189074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    413914015                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    150550703                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    119935944                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            168980867                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          141131584                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          27849283                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      354713758.546326                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      688790534.453674                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.660074                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.339926                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 85414095                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     40248201      5.85%      5.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        394117426     57.24%     63.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           57360      0.01%     63.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       57606223      8.37%     71.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       19156554      2.78%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt            894      0.00%     74.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult       6276559      0.91%     75.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv           6027      0.00%     75.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        431897      0.06%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       141139690     20.50%     95.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       27849334      4.04%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       1609630      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         688499795                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           164507220                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             60982                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       163583800                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           56378088                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            30636                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       54688901                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           220885308                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             91618                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       218272701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          836685340                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             7278                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      836692618                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1043064091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          842679782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            842679782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    662010483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     184836463                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            8088214                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     78161549                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           662010483                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            184836463                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1100068816                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    482965579                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    216505742                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    157254041                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            221137530                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          164726954                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          56410576                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      200285442.064885                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      842778648.935115                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.807984                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.192016                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 89410798                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     57365484      6.81%      6.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        436315514     51.77%     58.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         3298161      0.39%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       82142023      9.75%     68.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       20183002      2.39%     71.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2471668      0.29%     71.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      16664614      1.98%     73.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        1507607      0.18%     73.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt        321060      0.04%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       164876158     19.56%     93.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       56412842      6.69%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       1213268      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         842771401                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           130458392                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            136049                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       130089873                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           38208795                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           119372                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       37496067                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           168667187                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            255421                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       167585940                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          648156994                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              710                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      648157704                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1043504328                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          650904409                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            650904409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    527932401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     136311390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            3323595                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     70161414                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           527932401                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            136311390                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    859035461                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    379643865                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    146434512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    115049732                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            168952812                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          130623024                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          38329788                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      392069188.192602                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      651435139.807398                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.624276                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.375724                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 75664860                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     40792434      6.26%      6.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        358144079     55.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          312604      0.05%     61.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       54557032      8.38%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       16353009      2.51%     72.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt         297779      0.05%     72.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult       8354877      1.28%     73.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         260634      0.04%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        473856      0.07%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       130644555     20.06%     93.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       38330662      5.89%     99.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       2638309      0.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         651159830                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006158                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6158250000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2816973495000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              398011837                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                398011079                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              878563901                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1318048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2789833989                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2789833989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       160256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       181568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        44928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       273920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       955904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        35136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1711104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       160256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        49152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       273920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        35136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       518464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       814784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         814784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        14936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              26736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        12731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             12731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26022977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     29483701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7981488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      7295579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     44480169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    155223318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5705517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1662810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            277855560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26022977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7981488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     44480169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5705517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        84190151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      132307717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           132307717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      132307717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     26022977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     29483701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      7981488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      7295579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     44480169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    155223318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      5705517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1662810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           410163277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       375424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        58688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        65536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       778944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        72896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1373056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        65536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        87104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       981056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         981056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         5866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        12171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              21454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        15329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             15329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2712459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     60962774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       311777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      9529980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     10641984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    126487882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       478058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     11837129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            222962043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2712459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       311777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     10641984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       478058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        14144278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      159307596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           159307596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      159307596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2712459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     60962774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       311777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      9529980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     10641984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    126487882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       478058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     11837129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           382269638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4217                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1610     45.66%     45.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      3.37%     49.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.17%     49.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     15      0.43%     49.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1776     50.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                3526                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1608     48.11%     48.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      3.56%     51.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.18%     51.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      15      0.45%     52.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1594     47.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 3342                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5667261500     95.16%     95.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8925000      0.15%     95.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 294000      0.00%     95.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2485500      0.04%     95.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              276429500      4.64%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5955395500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998758                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.897523                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.947816                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         3     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     11.11%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     11.11%     55.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         1     11.11%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     11.11%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1     11.11%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1     11.11%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     9                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   52      1.45%      1.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.06%      1.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3186     88.62%     90.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     18      0.50%     90.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.06%     90.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.08%     90.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     200      5.56%     96.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  46      1.28%     97.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.14%     97.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                 78      2.17%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  3595                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              253                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 62                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 63                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   62                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.249012                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.396825                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5774476000     98.05%     98.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           114547500      1.95%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      52                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          485.765552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             381870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.954598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   485.765552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.948761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.673828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           760116                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          760116                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       225697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         225697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       122752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        122752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4247                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4247                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       348449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          348449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       348449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         348449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          556                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          222                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          222                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       236358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       236358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       126844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       126844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       363202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       363202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       363202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       363202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.045105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.032260                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032260                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.115761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.047639                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047639                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             7796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.995993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1542501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           185.664540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.995993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2779213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2779213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1377905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1377905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1377905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1377905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1377905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1377905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         7801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         7801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          7801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         7801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         7801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1385706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1385706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1385706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1385706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1385706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1385706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             7796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1208                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     193     38.14%     38.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.19%     39.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     14      2.77%     42.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    293     57.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 506                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      193     48.86%     48.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.52%     50.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      14      3.54%     53.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     182     46.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  395                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5925920500     99.53%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 294000      0.00%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2346000      0.04%     99.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               25629000      0.43%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5954189500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.621160                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.780632                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.62%      0.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   77     11.94%     12.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.78%     13.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  384     59.53%     72.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     15      2.33%     75.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     103     15.97%     91.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  27      4.19%     95.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.31%     95.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                 28      4.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   645                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              150                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 85                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 89                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   85                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.593333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.129032                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.669173                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          82437000      1.39%      1.39% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            37444500      0.63%      2.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          5815434000     97.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      77                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             3134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          441.899814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             107270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.764151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   441.899814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.863086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           153510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          153510                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        44626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        24873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        69499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           69499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        69499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          69499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          3792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         3792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        26079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.054774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.216049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.216049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.214740                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.214740                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             3219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           25401803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6808.309568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           518159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          518159                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       254251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         254251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       254251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          254251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       254251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         254251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       257470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       257470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       257470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       257470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       257470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       257470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     84359                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     888     45.59%     45.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.05%     45.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.31%     45.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.05%     46.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1052     54.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1948                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      886     49.80%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.06%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.34%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     50.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     885     49.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1779                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              6026114500     97.86%     97.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     97.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 294000      0.00%     97.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     97.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              131499500      2.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          6158091500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997748                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.841255                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.913244                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      4.55%      4.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     22.73%     27.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      9.09%     36.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      4.55%     40.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      4.55%     45.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     13.64%     59.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     18.18%     77.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        4     18.18%     95.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      4.55%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    22                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   34      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   66      0.08%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1816      2.21%      2.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     28      0.03%      2.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      2.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     124      0.15%      2.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  29      0.04%      2.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%      2.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              80200     97.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 82300                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              190                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                119                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                119                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  119                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.626316                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.770227                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         933994000     15.17%     15.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5224097500     84.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      66                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            47978                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.076015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            3668122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            48490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            75.646979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   502.076015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.980617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7383893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7383893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2280167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2280167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1243899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1243899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        47210                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47210                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        47351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3524066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         3524066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3524066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        3524066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        38938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        38938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          372                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          372                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          213                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          213                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        48463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         48463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        48463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        48463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2319105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2319105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1253424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1253424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        47582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47582                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        47564                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47564                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3572529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3572529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3572529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3572529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.004478                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004478                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            35580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             9848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11582456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1117.997683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22316664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22316664                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11143557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11143557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11143557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11143557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11143557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11143557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         9850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         9850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          9850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         9850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         9850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11153407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11153407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11153407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11153407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11153407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11153407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             9848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      18                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       751                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     181     35.21%     35.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.17%     36.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     23      4.47%     40.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    304     59.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 514                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      177     46.83%     46.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.59%     48.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      23      6.08%     54.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     172     45.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  378                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5922040000     99.43%     99.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 294000      0.00%     99.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2745500      0.05%     99.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               30639500      0.51%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5955719000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977901                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.565789                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.735409                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.45%      0.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   33      4.92%      5.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.15%      5.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  437     65.13%     70.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     15      2.24%     72.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.60%     73.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.60%     74.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      56      8.35%     82.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      5.07%     87.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.15%     87.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                 83     12.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   671                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               90                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 37                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 38                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   37                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.422222                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.590551                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         150032000     64.70%     64.70% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            81861000     35.30%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      33                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          485.633855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             128767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.685659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   485.633855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.948504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           168566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          168566                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        48176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          457                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          457                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          377                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          377                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        78252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           78252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        78252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          78252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          239                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          239                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3209                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        50103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        81461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        81461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.040883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.309668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.309668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.387987                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.387987                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.039393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.039393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             3130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           52399838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         14387.654585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           550832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          550832                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       270721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         270721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       270721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          270721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       270721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         270721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          3130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         3130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       273851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       273851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       273851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       273851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       273851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       273851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             3130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  15                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         15                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  728                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 728                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2533                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2533                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3811                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   126723                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1924                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17316                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         59204                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        29613                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         5329                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9946                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8449                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1497                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              25712                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                529                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               529                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7324                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              756                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1147                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4542                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4542                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          11020                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         13978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        20979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        46943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        11154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  87461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       843392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1464494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       330624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       356664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2995174                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            97319                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            156793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.140670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.374341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  136245     86.89%     86.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   19041     12.14%     99.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1506      0.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              156793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        129269                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        64332                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3878                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           20197                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18481                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1716                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              54432                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 84                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                84                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37367                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10441                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12272                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              618                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1070                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          12980                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         41442                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        27781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       145370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         9859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 191630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1147584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5384253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       351360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       312192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 7195389                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            94207                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            222601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.131819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.360362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  194974     87.59%     87.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   25911     11.64%     99.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1716      0.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              222601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               14934                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3935.555939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                272022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               18157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               14.981660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1799.719379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   414.344750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   632.550557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   641.615856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   447.325397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.439385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.101158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.154431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.156644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.109210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.960829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.786865                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              450248                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             450248                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7324                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         7324                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           53                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             59                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1118                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1405                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5036                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2421                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         7457                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4274                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5629                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              14491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5036                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             14491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          390                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          167                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          557                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          670                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2765                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          798                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3563                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            14674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2765                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           14674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7324                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7324                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          957                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         7801                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3219                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        11020                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11055                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         7801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          29165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         7801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         29165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.880361                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.965318                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.904221                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.991453                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993151                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.685159                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.700104                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.688332                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.354442                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.247903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.323321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.613388                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.475213                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.587226                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.354442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.630837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.247903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.536027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.503137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.354442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.630837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.247903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.536027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.503137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5923                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5923                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               35747                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4017.866631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                113682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               39794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.856762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   594.892872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1054.246437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2258.272537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    54.043018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    56.411767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.145238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.257384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.551336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.013772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.980924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988037                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1048762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1048762                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        37367                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37367                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10441                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        10441                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1569                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1810                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2535                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         7081                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        18965                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          966                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        19931                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              28822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             28822                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          491                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7655                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8361                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5304                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          595                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5899                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        20174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          999                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        21173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        27829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            35433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        27829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          595                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1705                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           35433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        37367                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37367                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10441                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10441                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          241                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          502                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          344                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9224                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          947                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         9850                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3130                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        12980                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1965                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        41104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         9850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          64255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         9850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         64255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995851                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.961686                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978088                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993902                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997093                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.829900                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.745512                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.822043                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.538477                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.190096                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.454468                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.515445                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.508397                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.515108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.538477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.575419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.190096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.585508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.551443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.538477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.575419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.190096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.585508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.551443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          20247                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               20247                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             27049                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16789                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        18903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        24300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        45689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        55171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        55359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                106820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       574080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       743360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3238                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1320678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1874432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          573                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total      1875005                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       121856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                3318819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           42379                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           111652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.369917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.482784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  70350     63.01%     63.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  41302     36.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             111652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             31901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                84                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               84                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           15441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        31891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        48018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        57029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       105047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        24040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                129087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1685888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side      1875837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      3561725                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       742464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       742464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                4304189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           41812                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           126585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.326595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.468969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  85243     67.34%     67.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  41342     32.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             126585                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            8483                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.327437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs               394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            8497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.046369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.216629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.045651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.007174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.475543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.579261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.763539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.125448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.029721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.036204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses          139980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses         139980                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4058                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4058                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total             15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total            15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          415                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2100                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          643                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2743                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4082                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          444                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         7562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          261                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6182                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1087                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         7562                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4058                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4058                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          644                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2749                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          261                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4828                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         7577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         7577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998288                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998136                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         4039                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            4039                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements           23439                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.828437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs               260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs           23455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.011085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.416174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.173366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.183653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.172265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.882978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.651011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.135835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.136478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.055186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses          317795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses         317795                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           70                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          134                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          182                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          287                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        14750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total        20342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15211                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total        20342                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           70                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5577                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5592                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9636                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          287                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        14752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total        20344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total        20344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999792                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         8946                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            8946                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              241209                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               237                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           38595                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             132032                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               31                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          23700                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              373241                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               268                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           62295                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             271924                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              202                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         272126                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                11907441                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1385426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1385426                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1344809                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          2781                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              42465                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       169833                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1344809                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 2781                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1810935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1025626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         1481                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         1351                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               374367                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             242112                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            132255                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      10567576.661338                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1339864.338662                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.112523                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.887477                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   227462                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        13672      0.99%      0.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           964184     69.58%     70.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            3472      0.25%     70.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     70.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd            165      0.01%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          251259     18.13%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         132576      9.57%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         20363      1.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1385706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               47345                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               347                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           10742                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              26739                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               41                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses           6357                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               74084                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               388                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           17099                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              86085                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              135                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          86220                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                11907727                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             257061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               257061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       245373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          1109                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               6157                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        30881                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              245373                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 1109                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       327187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       184132                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          580                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          541                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                75424                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              48381                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             27043                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      11658689.069236                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      249037.930764                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.020914                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.979086                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    41313                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5649      2.19%      2.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           165760     64.38%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             523      0.20%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             48      0.02%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           49953     19.40%     86.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          27072     10.51%     96.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          8462      3.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            257470                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             2285871                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1559                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         2165187                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1300933                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              120                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1191133                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             3586804                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              1679                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         3356320                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           10473554                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              367                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       10473921                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                12316506                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           11151723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             11151723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      9978500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          4105                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             620442                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      1353368                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             9978500                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 4105                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     13320763                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      7114680                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2556                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              3669553                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            2368256                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1301297                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1162732.048237                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      11153773.951763                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.905596                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.094404                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  2294021                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       743959      6.67%      6.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          6576926     58.97%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2142      0.02%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1254      0.01%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              2      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              4      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         2418941     21.69%     87.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1301462     11.67%     99.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        108488      0.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          11153407                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               50497                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                34                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           23928                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              31934                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          16376                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               82431                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                49                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           40304                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             168157                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               10                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         168167                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                11907613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             273802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               273802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       257660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          2153                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               7166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        33332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              257660                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 2153                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       343762                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       186348                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         1149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         1004                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                82871                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              50799                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             32072                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      11642860.158378                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      264752.841622                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.022234                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.977766                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    48022                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         8654      3.16%      3.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           176799     64.56%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             888      0.32%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             63      0.02%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           51741     18.89%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          32099     11.72%     98.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          3607      1.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            273851                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
