
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.321783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1321783092500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3600374700500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1383091                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1383091                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              700474431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 723524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1886.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2609868442                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2609868442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        3478848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data      102627520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        2173952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data       85468224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst       12564160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      105017728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst        4306816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data       77849536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          393486784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      3478848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      2173952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst     12564160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst      4306816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      22523776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    257562880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       257562880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           54357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1603555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst           33968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data         1335441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst          196315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         1640902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst           67294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data         1216399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6148231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       4024420                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4024420                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2631936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          77643239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           1644712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          64661308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           9505463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          79451559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           3258338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          58897361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             297693915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2631936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1644712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      9505463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      3258338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         17040448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       194860171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            194860171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       194860171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2631936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         77643239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          1644712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         64661308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          9505463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         79451559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          3258338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         58897361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            492554087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6148231                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    4024420                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6148231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  4024420                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              390633664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 2853120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               257536960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               393486784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            257562880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  44580                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   385                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        18707                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            277375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            320691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            559540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            358896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            270115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            409356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            594272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            313493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            312708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            248315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           431699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           291771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           442223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           375940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           515639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           381618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            145423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            203619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            413832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            244613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            154239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            265793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            460656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            175595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            189771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            141706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           296703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           153992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           301328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           239113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           385450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           252182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        34                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1321783027000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6148231                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              4024420                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 5187972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  813988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   91931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    9760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  64919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  70397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 190562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 232116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 244076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 246766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 247507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 248547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 247994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 247181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 251431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 251057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 252270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 250864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 246472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 242634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 241818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 241512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4162917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    155.700669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.813091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.004087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2435260     58.50%     58.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1030397     24.75%     83.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       306914      7.37%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       135141      3.25%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        76769      1.84%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        44448      1.07%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        29988      0.72%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21961      0.53%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        82039      1.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4162917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       240947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      25.331857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     19.578744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        240251     99.71%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          603      0.25%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           56      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           15      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        240947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       240947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.700830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.657581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.427993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19        235796     97.86%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23          4940      2.05%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           119      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            28      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35            10      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            11      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             8      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             6      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        240947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  95104641000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            209548097250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                30518255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15581.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34331.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       295.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       194.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    297.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    194.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  3821831                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 2142906                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 62.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                53.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     129934.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    58.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              15616699560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               8521016625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             24208930200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            13372950960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          86332128480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         585999369045                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         279032561250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1013083656120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            766.454941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 460589794750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   44137080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  817051632250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              15854635440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               8650842750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             23399001600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            12702225600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          86332128480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         591106742325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         274552406250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1012597982445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            766.087504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 453189527500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   44137080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  824451893750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   103596620                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     54301                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               102554452                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   28483413                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    41632                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               26820484                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                   132080033                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     95933                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses               129374936                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  498894692                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      753                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              498895445                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7200749385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  504919532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    504919532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            399186937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             121311462                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    3692299                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     48532852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   399186937                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    121311462                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          716204453                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         291210550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           140950793                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          102930858                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    132196964                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  103669681                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  28527283                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2842788681.380158                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4357960703.619843                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.605209                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.394791                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         54523539                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             27831385      5.51%      5.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                264948177     52.46%     57.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  327241      0.06%     58.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               51437763     10.19%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp               14034720      2.78%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                2744765      0.54%     71.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult               9038788      1.79%     73.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                 909730      0.18%     73.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                360718      0.07%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               103717879     20.54%     94.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               28531217      5.65%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess               1133082      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 505015465                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     666                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    140859                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    9581     29.20%     29.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     16      0.05%     29.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1353      4.12%     33.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    147      0.45%     33.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  21711     66.18%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               32808                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     9577     46.62%     46.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      16      0.08%     46.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1353      6.59%     53.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     147      0.72%     54.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    9451     46.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                20544                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1309097328500     99.04%     99.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               23652000      0.00%     99.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1297695000      0.10%     99.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              154614500      0.01%     99.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            11209741000      0.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1321783031000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999583                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.435309                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.626189                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      1.69%      1.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         7     11.86%     13.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         3      5.08%     18.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       34     57.63%     76.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        2      3.39%     79.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      1.69%     81.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        5      8.47%     89.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        6     10.17%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    59                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   63      0.15%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  226      0.53%      0.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                28551     66.93%     67.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   2741      6.43%     74.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     74.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     5      0.01%     74.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    2744      6.43%     80.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 174      0.41%     80.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     80.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               8150     19.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 42660                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2968                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               2055                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               2055                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 2055                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.692385                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.818236                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      569735544500     42.56%     42.56% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        768832905500     57.44%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     226                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          3030420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          476.926286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          129039867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3030420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            42.581512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2328706340500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   476.926286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.931497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.931497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        267226459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       267226459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data    101768602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      101768602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     27237881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      27237881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        23307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        26356                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        26356                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    129006483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       129006483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    129006483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      129006483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1818148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1818148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1215293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1215293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4824                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4824                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         1593                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1593                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3033441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3033441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3033441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3033441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  94106573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  94106573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  64992658500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  64992658500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    213154500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    213154500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22488000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     22488000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        22500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 159099231500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159099231500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 159099231500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159099231500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    103586750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    103586750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     28453174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     28453174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        28131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        28131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    132039924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    132039924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    132039924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    132039924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.171483                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.171483                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056997                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056997                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51759.577878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51759.577878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53479.003417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53479.003417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44186.256219                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44186.256219                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14116.760829                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14116.760829                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52448.434468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52448.434468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52448.434468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52448.434468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2136594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2136594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1818148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1818148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1215293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1215293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4824                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4824                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1593                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1593                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3033441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3033441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3033441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3033441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         1777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         2276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  92288425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92288425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  63777365500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63777365500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    208330500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208330500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20899000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20899000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156065790500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 156065790500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156065790500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 156065790500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    113483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    113483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    404111000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    404111000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    517594000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    517594000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042712                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042712                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.171483                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171483                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056997                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056997                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50759.577878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50759.577878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52479.003417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52479.003417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43186.256219                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43186.256219                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13119.271814                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13119.271814                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51448.434468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51448.434468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51448.434468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51448.434468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227420.841683                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227420.841683                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227411.930219                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227411.930219                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227413.884007                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227413.884007                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           121625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          506.369612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          503587800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           121625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4140.495786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2837935408500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   506.369612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.989003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1010153069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1010153069                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    504893328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      504893328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    504893328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       504893328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    504893328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      504893328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       122138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       122138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       122138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        122138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       122138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       122138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6150960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6150960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6150960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6150960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6150960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6150960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    505015466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    505015466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    505015466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    505015466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    505015466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    505015466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50360.739491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50360.739491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50360.739491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50360.739491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50360.739491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50360.739491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       122138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       122138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       122138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       122138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6028823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6028823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6028823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6028823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6028823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6028823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49360.747679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49360.747679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49360.747679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49360.747679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49360.747679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49360.747679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   155641172                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     47065                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               154982101                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   31194767                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    78682                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               30318613                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                   186835939                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                    125747                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses               185300714                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                  741242257                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      280                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses              741242537                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7200749387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  744821209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    744821209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            601894644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             165678513                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3502409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     82673039                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   601894644                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    165678513                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1052102693                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         443496294                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           180984708                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          139487235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    186976881                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  155701668                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  31275213                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1321419090.051696                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              5879330296.948303                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.816489                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.183511                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         88960121                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             41138441      5.52%      5.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                414669988     55.66%     61.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  114660      0.02%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               68057788      9.14%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp               21291940      2.86%     73.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                1552916      0.21%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult               8746204      1.17%     74.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 517371      0.07%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                467645      0.06%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               155724288     20.90%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               31275856      4.20%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess               1389859      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 744946956                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     375                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    156565                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    7608     28.98%     28.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1353      5.15%     34.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    142      0.54%     34.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  17148     65.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               26251                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     7604     45.87%     45.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1353      8.16%     54.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     142      0.86%     54.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    7479     45.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                16578                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1312730208000     99.29%     99.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1403878500      0.11%     99.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              139822000      0.01%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7777578000      0.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1322051486500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999474                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.436144                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.631519                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                       20    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    20                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   31      0.11%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   80      0.28%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                22624     77.89%     78.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2726      9.39%     87.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     87.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.01%     87.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2134      7.35%     95.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 101      0.35%     95.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               1341      4.62%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 29045                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1827                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               1748                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                387                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               1758                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 1748                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    9                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.962233                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.023256                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.887178                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       18192083000      1.36%      1.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        1060027089000     79.17%     80.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        260763912500     19.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      80                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          3642588                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          469.732140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          183184591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3642588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            50.289682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2393754582500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   469.732140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.917446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        377341797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       377341797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data    153793396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      153793396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     29382774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      29382774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        10624                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10624                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        12062                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12062                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    183176170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       183176170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    183176170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      183176170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      1848387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1848387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1797320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1797320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          698                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          698                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      3645707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3645707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      3645707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      3645707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  66598788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66598788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  79951632500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  79951632500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    100850000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    100850000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7424500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7424500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        42500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 146550420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 146550420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 146550420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 146550420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data    155641783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    155641783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     31180094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31180094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        12820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        12760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    186821877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    186821877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    186821877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    186821877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.057643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.171295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.171295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054702                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054702                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36030.759792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36030.759792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44483.805054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44483.805054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45924.408015                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45924.408015                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10636.819484                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10636.819484                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40198.079687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40198.079687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40198.079687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40198.079687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3039898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          3039898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1848387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1848387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1797320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1797320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2196                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2196                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          698                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          698                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3645707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3645707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3645707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3645707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         1524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  64750401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64750401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  78154312500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  78154312500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     98654000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98654000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6732500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6732500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        36500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        36500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 142904713500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 142904713500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 142904713500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 142904713500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    345795500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    345795500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    345795500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    345795500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.011876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057643                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057643                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.171295                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171295                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.054702                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054702                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35030.759792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35030.759792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43483.805054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43483.805054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44924.408015                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44924.408015                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9645.415473                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9645.415473                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39198.079687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39198.079687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39198.079687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39198.079687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226899.934383                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226899.934383                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226899.934383                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226899.934383                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            82054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          473.900473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          717075241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            82054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          8739.065018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     3005951957500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   473.900473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.925587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1489976480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1489976480                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    744864390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      744864390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    744864390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       744864390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    744864390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      744864390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst        82567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        82567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst        82567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         82567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst        82567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        82567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4151610500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4151610500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4151610500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4151610500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4151610500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4151610500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    744946957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    744946957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    744946957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    744946957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    744946957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    744946957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50281.716666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50281.716666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50281.716666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50281.716666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50281.716666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50281.716666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        82567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        82567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        82567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4069044500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4069044500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4069044500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4069044500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4069044500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4069044500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49281.728778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49281.728778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49281.728778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49281.728778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49281.728778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49281.728778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   140210716                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     49675                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               139257287                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   49869664                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                    51224                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           1                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               49030418                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                   190080380                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                    100899                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            1                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses               188287705                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                  728380755                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     7061                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses              728387816                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7200749401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  733030182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    733030182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            580523906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             150636652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    6706940                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     70557049                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   580523906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    150636652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          993538700                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         422264877                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           172116024                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          127986559                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    190335594                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  140412303                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  49923291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1179684266.754289                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              6021065134.245711                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.836172                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.163828                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         79706762                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass             53221350      7.26%      7.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                387079053     52.80%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                 3093480      0.42%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               66364967      9.05%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp               16466451      2.25%     71.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                 608087      0.08%     71.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult              13298608      1.81%     73.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                 923587      0.13%     73.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                261986      0.04%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               140556250     19.17%     93.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               49924659      6.81%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess               1332604      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 733131082                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     309                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    282396                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    8616     29.43%     29.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     27      0.09%     29.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   1353      4.62%     34.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     66      0.23%     34.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  19214     65.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               29276                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     8613     46.11%     46.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      27      0.14%     46.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    1353      7.24%     53.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      66      0.35%     53.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    8621     46.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                18680                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1308756161500     99.01%     99.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               58528500      0.00%     99.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1472855500      0.11%     99.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              100288000      0.01%     99.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            11394621000      0.86%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1321782454500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.448683                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.638065                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       107     34.63%     34.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        30      9.71%     44.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        7      2.27%     46.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                       30      9.71%     56.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       31     10.03%     66.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       50     16.18%     82.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       32     10.36%     92.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       22      7.12%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   309                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  367      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  212      0.12%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                25383     14.67%     15.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2938      1.70%     16.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     16.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     16.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2467      1.43%     18.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 638      0.37%     18.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     18.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             140999     81.50%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                173009                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2679                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2190                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2190                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2190                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.817469                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.899569                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      243210436000     18.40%     18.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        1078572017500     81.60%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     212                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          3508497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.365439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          186682849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3508497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.208781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2279222010500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   505.365439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.987042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        383975819                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       383975819                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data    138478073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      138478073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     48016417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      48016417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data       106020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       106020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data       109338                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       109338                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data    186494490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       186494490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data    186494490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      186494490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      1773497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1773497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data      1740327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1740327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         4757                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4757                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      3513824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3513824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      3513824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3513824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  76370742500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76370742500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  87065688000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  87065688000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    201379500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    201379500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11428000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     11428000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        36500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        36500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 163436430500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 163436430500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 163436430500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 163436430500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data    140251570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    140251570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     49756744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     49756744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       110777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       110777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data       110629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       110629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data    190008314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    190008314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data    190008314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    190008314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.034977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.042942                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042942                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011670                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011670                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43062.233824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43062.233824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50028.349845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50028.349845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 42333.298297                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42333.298297                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8852.052672                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8852.052672                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46512.412261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46512.412261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46512.412261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46512.412261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2586887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2586887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1773497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1773497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1740327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1740327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4757                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4757                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3513824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3513824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3513824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3513824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         2499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  74597245500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  74597245500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  85325361000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85325361000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    196622500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196622500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10142000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10142000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 159922606500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 159922606500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 159922606500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 159922606500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     47359500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     47359500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    476492500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    476492500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    523852000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    523852000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.034977                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034977                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.042942                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042942                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011670                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011670                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 42062.233824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42062.233824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49028.349845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49028.349845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41333.298297                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41333.298297                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7855.925639                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7855.925639                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45512.412261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45512.412261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45512.412261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45512.412261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 168539.145907                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168539.145907                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214829.801623                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214829.801623                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 209624.649860                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209624.649860                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           498765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.889693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          731418107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           498765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1466.458366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2282353066500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.889693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1466761443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1466761443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst    732631806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      732631806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst    732631806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       732631806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst    732631806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      732631806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       499277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       499277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       499277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        499277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       499277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       499277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21720612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21720612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21720612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  21720612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21720612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  21720612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst    733131083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    733131083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst    733131083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    733131083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst    733131083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    733131083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 43504.130973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43504.130973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 43504.130973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43504.130973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 43504.130973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43504.130973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       499277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       499277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       499277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       499277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       499277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       499277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21221335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21221335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21221335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21221335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  21221335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21221335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42504.130973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42504.130973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42504.130973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42504.130973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42504.130973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42504.130973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   124174465                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    143588                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               123632709                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   36992933                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                   126205                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               36349205                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                   161167398                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                    269793                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses               159981914                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                  624066052                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      763                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses              624066815                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7200749383                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  627097519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    627097519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            510142684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             127907973                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    3162774                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     68701213                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   510142684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    127907973                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          873678463                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         366426798                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           136421527                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          108020032                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    161471186                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  124349576                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  37121610                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2116434929.111392                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5084314453.888608                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.706081                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.293919                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         73981443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass             40011473      6.38%      6.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                347956153     55.46%     61.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  275047      0.04%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               51076060      8.14%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp               15608551      2.49%     72.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   6751      0.00%     72.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult               7515467      1.20%     73.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 126439      0.02%     73.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                455393      0.07%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               124375683     19.83%     93.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               37122309      5.92%     99.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess               2837986      0.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 627367312                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     541                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    304361                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    7509     28.50%     28.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   1354      5.14%     33.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    281      1.07%     34.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  17201     65.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               26345                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     7508     45.18%     45.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    1354      8.15%     53.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     281      1.69%     55.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    7475     44.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                16618                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1312047080000     99.24%     99.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1445662500      0.11%     99.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              226244500      0.02%     99.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             8333676500      0.63%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1322052663500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999867                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.434568                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.630784                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                        17     68.00%     68.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      4.00%     72.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        1      4.00%     76.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        5     20.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::92                        1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   40      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  303      0.94%      1.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                22677     70.25%     71.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   2734      8.47%     79.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     79.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     2      0.01%     79.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    2144      6.64%     86.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 250      0.77%     87.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     87.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               4128     12.79%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 32281                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2447                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               1595                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               1595                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 1595                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.651819                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.789213                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      423173893500     31.61%     31.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        915415858000     68.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     303                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          3937272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          503.446036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          157182161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3937272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.921591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2366853627500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   503.446036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.983293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        326337820                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       326337820                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data    122893253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      122893253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     34333717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      34333717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        11787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        12942                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12942                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data    157226970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       157226970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data    157226970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      157226970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data      1298538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1298538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data      2643801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2643801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data         2402                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2402                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data         1185                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1185                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      3942339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       3942339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      3942339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      3942339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  44141892500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44141892500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  96451074000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  96451074000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    139635500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    139635500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     11571000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     11571000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        63500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        63500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 140592966500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 140592966500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 140592966500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 140592966500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data    124191791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    124191791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     36977518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36977518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        14189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        14127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data    161169309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    161169309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data    161169309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    161169309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.071498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.169286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083882                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.083882                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.024461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.024461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 33993.531572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33993.531572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 36481.971979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36481.971979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58133.014155                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58133.014155                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9764.556962                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9764.556962                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35662.322926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35662.322926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35662.322926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35662.322926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3383015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          3383015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1298538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1298538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      2643801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2643801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2402                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2402                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1185                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1185                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      3942339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3942339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      3942339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3942339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         1606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         1614                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1614                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  42843354500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42843354500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  93807274000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93807274000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    137233500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137233500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10396000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10396000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        53500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 136650628500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 136650628500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 136650628500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 136650628500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    362517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    362517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    363773000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    363773000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.071498                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071498                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.169286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083882                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083882                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.024461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.024461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 32993.531572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32993.531572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35481.972357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35481.972357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57133.014155                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57133.014155                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8772.995781                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8772.995781                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 34662.323179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34662.323179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 34662.323179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34662.323179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       157000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       157000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 225726.650062                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225726.650062                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 225385.997522                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225385.997522                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           158989                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.571827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          627105059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           158989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3944.329853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2369639195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   511.571827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.999164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1254894127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1254894127                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst    627207812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      627207812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst    627207812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       627207812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst    627207812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      627207812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       159501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       159501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       159501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        159501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       159501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       159501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7717171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7717171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7717171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7717171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7717171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7717171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst    627367313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    627367313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst    627367313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    627367313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst    627367313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    627367313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 48383.213898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.213898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 48383.213898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.213898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 48383.213898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.213898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       159501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       159501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       159501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       159501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       159501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       159501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7557670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7557670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7557670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7557670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   7557670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7557670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47383.213898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47383.213898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47383.213898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47383.213898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47383.213898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47383.213898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  96                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   835584                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        108                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  832                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 832                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               20181                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              20181                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        13022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        15826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        26200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        26200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   42026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        52088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          729                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        53949                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       835936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       835936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   889885                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             12979000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                57000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             1053000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy            68024044                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             8701000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            13144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                13084                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.955380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                13084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2282277850000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide    15.955380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.997211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               117900                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              117900                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               44                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5447973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5447973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1552016071                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   1552016071                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5447973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      5447973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5447973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      5447973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123817.568182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123817.568182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118873.779948                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118873.779948                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123817.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123817.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123817.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123817.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           13040                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                13040                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3247973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    899216071                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    899216071                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3247973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3247973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73817.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73817.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68873.779948                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68873.779948                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73817.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73817.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73817.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73817.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6352171                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3886.815387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    15096207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6352171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.376543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              2299339107500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2073.367247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        57.471748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       468.047244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        27.646855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       440.268974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       110.641779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       413.549563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        80.442492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       215.379485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.506193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.014031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.114269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.006750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.107488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.027012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.100964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.019639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.052583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.948930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.954590                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 249588001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                249588001                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         11146394                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              11146394                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              859                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              184                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              168                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              120                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1331                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            322                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                468                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            528028                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data           1007441                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            812611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data           1779442                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               4127522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          63857                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst          43547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst         297043                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst          85091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             489538                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        893600                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       1293920                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       1049924                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        928487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           4165931                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                63857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1421628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                43547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data              2301361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst               297043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data              1862535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                85091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data              2707929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8782991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               63857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1421628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst               43547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data             2301361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst              297043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data             1862535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst               85091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data             2707929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8782991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           1949                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            484                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           1104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           1038                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               4575                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          451                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          197                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data          228                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             1016                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          683041                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          788405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          925182                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data          861632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             3258260                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        58281                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst        39020                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst       202234                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst        74410                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           373945                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       925918                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       553432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       720847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       362361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2562558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              58281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1608959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              39020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data            1341837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst             202234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            1646029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst              74410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data            1223993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6194763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             58281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1608959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             39020                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data           1341837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst            202234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           1646029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst             74410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data           1223993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6194763                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7124000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1686500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     25169000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3291000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     37270500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2032000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       193500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       591500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       184000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3001000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  56327259500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  64850468500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  74133824000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  71105949500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  266417501500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5166474000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3479180500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  17339472500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   6413652500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  32398779500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80347652500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  48457060500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  61046064500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  31240992000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 221091769500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5166474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136674912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3479180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113307529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  17339472500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135179888500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   6413652500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102346941500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     519908050500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5166474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136674912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3479180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113307529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  17339472500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135179888500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   6413652500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102346941500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    519908050500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11146394                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          11146394                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2808                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1272                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             5906                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          773                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          203                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          256                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       1211069                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       1795846                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       1737793                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data       2641074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           7385782                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       122138                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        82567                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       499277                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       159501                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         863483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1819518                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1847352                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1770771                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1290848                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       6728489                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           122138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          3030587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst            82567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          3643198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst           499277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          3508564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           159501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          3931922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             14977754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          122138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         3030587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst           82567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         3643198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst          499277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         3508564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          159501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         3931922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            14977754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.694088                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.724551                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.867925                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.896373                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.774636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.583441                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.689655                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.769531                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.904762                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.684636                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.563998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.439016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.532389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.326243                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.441153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.477173                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.472586                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.405054                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.466517                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.433066                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508881                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.299581                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.407081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.280715                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.380852                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.477173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.530907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.472586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.368313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.405054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.469146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.466517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.311296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.413598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.477173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.530907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.472586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.368313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.405054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.469146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.466517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.311296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.413598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3655.207799                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3484.504132                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22798.007246                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3170.520231                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8146.557377                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4505.543237                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1382.142857                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3002.538071                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data   807.017544                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2953.740157                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82465.414960                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82255.272988                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80128.908690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82524.731556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81766.802373                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88647.655325                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89164.031266                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85739.650603                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86193.421583                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86640.493923                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86776.207504                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87557.388261                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84686.576347                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86215.105930                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86277.762103                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88647.655325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84946.174514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89164.031266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84442.096171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85739.650603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82124.852296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86193.421583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83617.260475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83927.028443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88647.655325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84946.174514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89164.031266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84442.096171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85739.650603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82124.852296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86193.421583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83617.260475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83927.028443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              4011380                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   4011380                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         3924                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         5052                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst         5919                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst         7093                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total         21988                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         5396                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         6395                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         5078                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         7571                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total        24440                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            3924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            5052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            6395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            5919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            5078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            7093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               46428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           3924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           5396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           5052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           6395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           5919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           5078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           7093                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           7571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              46428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       354608                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        354608                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1949                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          484                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1104                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1038                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          4575                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          451                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          197                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          228                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1016                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       683041                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       788405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       925182                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       861632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        3258260                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        54357                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        33968                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       196315                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        67317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       351957                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       920522                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       547037                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       715769                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       354790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2538118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         54357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1603563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         33968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       1335442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        196315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       1640951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         67317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       1216422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6148335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        54357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1603563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        33968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1335442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       196315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1640951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        67317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1216422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6148335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         1777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         1606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         2276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         1524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         2499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         1614                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         7913                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40334999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9992000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     22711000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     21393000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94430999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9374000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2898000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4071000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4710000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21053000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  49496849500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  56966418500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  64882004000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  62489639500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 233834911500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4305032000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2720411000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  14903120500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   5168192500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27096756000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  70713603000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  42451431500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  53477147000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  27082607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 193724789000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4305032000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120210452500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2720411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  99417850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  14903120500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 118359151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   5168192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  89572247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 454656456500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4305032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120210452500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2720411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  99417850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  14903120500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 118359151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   5168192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  89572247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 454656456500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    107242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     43845500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    152243500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    382817000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    327866000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    450380500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    343679500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1504743000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    490059000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    327866000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    494226000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    344835500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1656986500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.694088                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.724551                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.867925                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.896373                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774636                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.583441                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.689655                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.769531                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.904762                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684636                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.563998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.439016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.532389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.326243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.445046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.411399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.393199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.422048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.296120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.404213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.274850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.445046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.529126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.411399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.366558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.393199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.467699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.422048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.309371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.410498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.445046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.529126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.411399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.366558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.393199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.467699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.422048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.309371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.410498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20695.227809                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20644.628099                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20571.557971                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20609.826590                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20640.655519                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20784.922395                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20700                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20664.974619                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20657.894737                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20721.456693                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72465.414960                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72255.272988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70128.908690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72524.743162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71766.805442                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79199.219972                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80087.464673                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75914.323918                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76773.957544                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76988.825339                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76819.025509                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77602.486669                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74712.857081                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76334.190648                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76326.155443                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79199.219972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74964.596028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80087.464673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74445.651702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75914.323918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72128.388355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76773.957544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73635.832795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73947.899147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79199.219972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74964.596028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80087.464673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74445.651702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75914.323918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72128.388355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76773.957544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73635.832795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73947.899147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214913.827655                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 156033.807829                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       144500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 193202.411168                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215428.812606                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215135.170604                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 203057.033363                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 213997.198007                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       211192                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215315.905097                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215135.170604                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 197769.507803                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 213652.726146                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209400.543410                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2890907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               7125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              7125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           4024420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1995182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           4274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3258395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3258199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2890119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        39196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        39196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18321148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     18336974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               18376170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       834560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       834560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        53949                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    650215104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    650269053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               651103613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             6866                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12201440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                12201440    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12201440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            15792479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         28393858803                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22790476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        33028166544                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7617018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              7125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             7125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         15170847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5689675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            9231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          4742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          13973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           25                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           25                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7387510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7387509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        863483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      6752793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       313673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9064758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       198684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10886024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1404671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10484759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       399114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11762258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              44513941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7816768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    330713004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5284224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    427730336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     31953728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    390124633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10208064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    468168472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1671999229                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6410984                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         36384251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.175306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.380229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               30005863     82.47%     82.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                6378388     17.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           36384251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26152893489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         185330597                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4561845767                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         126478462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        5478090589                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         752301724                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        5283595225                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         242933209                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        5922308593                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.025024                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25023702000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3625398402500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              206647462                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                206647215                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1970020867                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 734912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2624882247                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2624882247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          44736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data          68736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         289536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data        1080320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         307392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        1342016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         158400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         720384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            4011520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        44736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       289536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       307392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       158400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        800064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2203648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2203648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            4524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           16880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            4803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data           20969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            2475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           11256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               62680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         34432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              34432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1787745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           2746836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst          11570470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          43171870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          12284034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          53629795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           6329999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          28788067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             160308814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1787745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst     11570470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     12284034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      6329999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         31972248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        88062430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             88062430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        88062430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1787745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          2746836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst         11570470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         43171870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         12284034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         53629795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          6329999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         28788067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            248371244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       62680                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      34432                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     62680                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    34432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4006528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2202944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 4011520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2203648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     78                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3056                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             3756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   25023754000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 62680                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                34432                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   57722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    4518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        34460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    180.178758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.964961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   214.354315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18041     52.35%     52.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9214     26.74%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2989      8.67%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1339      3.89%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          810      2.35%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          479      1.39%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          296      0.86%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          223      0.65%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1069      3.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        34460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.069672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     17.285383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              53      2.72%      2.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             42      2.15%      4.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           470     24.08%     28.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           626     32.07%     61.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           346     17.73%     78.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           189      9.68%     88.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            89      4.56%     92.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            52      2.66%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            32      1.64%     97.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            15      0.77%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             7      0.36%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             8      0.41%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            8      0.41%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      0.15%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.10%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      0.15%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.10%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.633709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.126642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      8.267600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          1915     98.10%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23            11      0.56%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27             5      0.26%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             1      0.05%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.10%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.05%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.05%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.05%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             1      0.05%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.05%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             1      0.05%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             3      0.15%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            6      0.31%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    735517250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1909304750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  313010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11749.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30499.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       160.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        88.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    160.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     88.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    44710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   17855                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 71.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                51.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     257679.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    64.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              15734454120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               8585267625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             24442134600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            13472593920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          87966640320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         592171431930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         288633472500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1031005995015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            765.520730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15934993750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     835640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    8254905250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              15997663080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               8728883625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             23654397000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            12825967680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          87966640320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         597943991790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         283569823500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1030687366995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            765.284149                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14959790250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     835640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    9229577250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       68979                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        37                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   22517                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      37291                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  14815                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      106270                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                        48                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   37332                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     165554                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                       14                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 165568                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        49259934                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     359337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       359337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               340262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1079                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      15594                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        39538                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      340262                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1079                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             447200                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            254630                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                536                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       106772                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      69304                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     37468                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              47647984.645197                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1611949.354803                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.032723                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.967277                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            63574                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 8514      2.37%      2.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   234401     65.22%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     983      0.27%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     31      0.01%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   71595     19.92%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  37547     10.45%     98.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                  6314      1.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    359385                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      53                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1375                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     383     34.54%     34.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.36%     34.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     26      2.34%     37.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     28      2.52%     39.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    668     60.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1109                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      382     47.93%     47.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.50%     48.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      26      3.26%     51.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      28      3.51%     55.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     357     44.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  797                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             24217676500     98.33%     98.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4766000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               11474000      0.05%     98.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               28310500      0.11%     98.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              367860000      1.49%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         24630087000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997389                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.534431                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.718665                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         3    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    2      0.16%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   37      2.95%      3.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  962     76.59%     79.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     58      4.62%     84.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.08%     84.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      90      7.17%     91.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  33      2.63%     94.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                 73      5.81%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1256                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 35                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 35                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   35                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.275591                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.432099                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3399698500     93.46%     93.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           237966500      6.54%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      37                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             2262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          475.022225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             124416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.724366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   475.022225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.927778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.927778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           215014                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          215014                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        65846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          65846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        35440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data          769                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          769                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data          595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       101286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          101286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       101286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         101286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          283                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          283                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         2876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         2876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     74731500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74731500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42326500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42326500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4272500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4272500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1868500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1868500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    117058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    117058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    117058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    117058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        67864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        67864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        36298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1034                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1034                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data          878                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          878                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       104162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       104162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       104162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       104162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.256286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.322323                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.322323                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37032.457879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37032.457879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49331.585082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49331.585082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16122.641509                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16122.641509                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6602.473498                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6602.473498                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40701.668985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40701.668985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40701.668985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40701.668985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          283                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          559                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          559                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72713500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72713500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41468500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41468500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4007500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4007500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1587500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1587500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    114182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    114182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     83925500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     83925500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     43133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     43133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    127058500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    127058500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023638                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023638                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.322323                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322323                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36032.457879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36032.457879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48331.585082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48331.585082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15122.641509                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15122.641509                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5609.540636                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5609.540636                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39701.668985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39701.668985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39701.668985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39701.668985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227440.379404                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227440.379404                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227015.789474                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227015.789474                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227296.064401                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227296.064401                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1661366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           409.304262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           722315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          722315                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       355838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         355838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       355838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          355838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       355838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         355838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         3546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       359384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       359384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       359384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       359384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       359384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       359384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30842.357586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30842.357586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30842.357586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30842.357586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30842.357586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30842.357586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29842.075578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29842.075578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29842.075578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29842.075578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29842.075578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29842.075578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      490141                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       369                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  287345                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     234302                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       49                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 133641                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                      724443                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       418                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  420986                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1839343                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      231                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1839574                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        49256802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2938039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      2938039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              2863732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2748                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     110136                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       368807                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     2863732                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         2748                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            3791419                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           2188832                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1458                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1311                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       725724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     491069                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    234655                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              38168970.522551                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              11087831.477449                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.225103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.774897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           543430                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                15744      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  2161387     73.55%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3792      0.13%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    203      0.01%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      3      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                     16      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  502199     17.09%     91.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 235054      8.00%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                 20071      0.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   2938469                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      39                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      4165                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1422     44.80%     44.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     26      0.82%     45.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     17      0.54%     46.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1709     53.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                3174                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1421     49.55%     49.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      26      0.91%     50.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      17      0.59%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1404     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 2868                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             23640468000     95.98%     95.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               16014500      0.07%     96.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               20086500      0.08%     96.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              954072000      3.87%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         24630641000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999297                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.821533                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.903592                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1     12.50%     12.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     12.50%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     12.50%     37.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         1     12.50%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     12.50%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::54                        1     12.50%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        1     12.50%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                        1     12.50%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     8                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   48      1.39%      1.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   67      1.94%      3.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.06%      3.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3008     86.91%     90.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     73      2.11%     92.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     92.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     2      0.06%     92.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     123      3.55%     96.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  52      1.50%     97.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.14%     97.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                 80      2.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  3461                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              141                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 84                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 49                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 88                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   84                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    5                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.624113                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.102041                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.645985                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2497531000     10.78%     10.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          3036387500     13.10%     23.88% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         17643487500     76.12%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      67                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            24811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          466.919470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             714050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            25190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.346566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   466.919470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.911952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.911952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.740234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1476044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1476044                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       465757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         465757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       224726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        224726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data         3770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data         4035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data       690483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          690483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data       690483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         690483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        20483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         5229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          371                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          371                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        25712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         25712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        25712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        25712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1184136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1184136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    314977000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    314977000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28510000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     28510000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2706000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2706000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        75000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        75000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1499113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1499113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1499113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1499113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data       486240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       486240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       229955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       229955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4456                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4456                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       716195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       716195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       716195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       716195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.153950                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153950                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.084203                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084203                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57810.672265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57810.672265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60236.565309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60236.565309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41559.766764                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41559.766764                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7293.800539                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7293.800539                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58304.021469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58304.021469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58304.021469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58304.021469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            10539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        20483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          686                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          371                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          371                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        25712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        25712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1163653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1163653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    309748000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309748000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27824000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27824000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2345000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2345000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        65000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1473401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1473401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     22891500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     22891500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     23519500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     23519500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022739                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022739                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.153950                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153950                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.084203                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084203                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56810.672265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56810.672265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59236.565309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59236.565309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40559.766764                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40559.766764                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6320.754717                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6320.754717                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57304.021469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57304.021469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57304.021469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57304.021469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       157000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       157000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 218014.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 218014.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215775.229358                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215775.229358                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           30718353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3143.507266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   511.986395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5886201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         5886201                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      2929204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2929204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      2929204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         2929204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      2929204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        2929204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         9264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         9264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    451379500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    451379500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    451379500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    451379500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    451379500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    451379500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      2938468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2938468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      2938468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      2938468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      2938468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      2938468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 48724.039292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48724.039292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 48724.039292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48724.039292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 48724.039292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48724.039292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         9264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    442114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    442114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    442114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47723.931347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47723.931347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47723.931347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47723.931347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47723.931347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47723.931347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     2249671                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      1717                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 2137191                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1238601                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       81                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1179275                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     3488272                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      1798                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                 3316466                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   10374342                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      410                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               10374752                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        49256392                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   10935175                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     10935175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              9767652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1336                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     617383                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1334705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     9767652                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1336                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12990545                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6986292                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 690                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                641                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      3571547                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    2332499                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1239048                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              15841181.312594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              33415210.687406                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.678393                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.321607                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2272465                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               739656      6.76%      6.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6462119     59.08%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1843      0.02%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      2      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      7      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     2      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      4      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 2382959     21.79%     87.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1239167     11.33%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                111115      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  10936994                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      17                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     84796                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     861     40.61%     40.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      2      0.09%     40.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     26      1.23%     41.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     20      0.94%     42.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1211     57.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2120                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      860     48.73%     48.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       2      0.11%     48.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      26      1.47%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      20      1.13%     51.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     857     48.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1765                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             23938263000     97.20%     97.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3179500      0.01%     97.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               17353500      0.07%     97.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               21626000      0.09%     97.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              648421000      2.63%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         24628843000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998839                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.707680                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.832547                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     35.71%     35.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2     14.29%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      7.14%     57.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      7.14%     64.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        4     28.57%     92.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                        1      7.14%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    14                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   35      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   93      0.11%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1942      2.35%      2.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     71      0.09%      2.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      2.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      2.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     133      0.16%      2.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  27      0.03%      2.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%      2.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              80214     97.20%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 82522                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              227                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                116                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                117                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  116                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.515419                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.679300                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7867590000     33.73%     33.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         15454806000     66.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      93                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            42478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          499.114281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            3549675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            42931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            82.683259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   499.114281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.974833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7182229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7182229                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2245692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2245692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1186341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1186341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        46724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        46724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        46840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3432033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         3432033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3432033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        3432033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data        37983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        37983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         5325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          355                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          355                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data          211                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          211                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        43308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         43308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        43308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        43308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1808576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1808576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    210201500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    210201500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11631500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     11631500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1731500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1731500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        16500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2018777500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2018777500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2018777500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2018777500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2283675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2283675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1191666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1191666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        47079                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47079                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        47051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      3475341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3475341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      3475341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3475341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007541                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007541                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004484                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004484                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 47615.406893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47615.406893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39474.460094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39474.460094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32764.788732                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32764.788732                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8206.161137                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8206.161137                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46614.424587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46614.424587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46614.424587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46614.424587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        31067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            31067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          355                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          211                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        43308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        43308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          118                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1770593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    204876500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204876500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11276500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11276500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1523500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1523500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1975469500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1975469500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1975469500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1975469500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     21893000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     21893000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     24545000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     24545000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004469                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004469                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007541                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007541                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004484                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004484                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46615.406893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46615.406893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38474.460094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38474.460094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31764.788732                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31764.788732                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7220.379147                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7220.379147                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45614.424587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45614.424587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45614.424587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45614.424587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       165750                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       165750                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214637.254902                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214637.254902                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 208008.474576                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208008.474576                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             8668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           12142024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1322.660566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21882654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        21882654                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     10928325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10928325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     10928325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        10928325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     10928325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       10928325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         8668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         8668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          8668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         8668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         8668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    465163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    465163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    465163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    465163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    465163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    465163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     10936993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10936993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     10936993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     10936993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     10936993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     10936993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53664.397785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53664.397785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53664.397785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53664.397785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53664.397785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53664.397785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         8668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    456495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    456495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    456495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52664.397785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52664.397785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52664.397785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52664.397785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52664.397785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52664.397785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                      146223                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       413                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   55519                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     127256                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      123                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  30614                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                      273479                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       536                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                   86133                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     323238                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      170                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 323408                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        50047422                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     781254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       781254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               746181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5845                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17873                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        85347                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      746181                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         5845                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            1045973                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            522903                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3526                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               3420                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       275208                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     147456                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    127752                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              45413471.331544                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4633950.668456                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.092591                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.907409                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           114121                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18126      2.32%      2.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   465801     59.58%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    1463      0.19%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1237      0.16%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.03%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  151492     19.38%     81.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 127863     16.36%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                 15586      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    781795                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      49                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      2601                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     608     38.48%     38.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     26      1.65%     40.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     48      3.04%     43.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    898     56.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1580                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      602     47.33%     47.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      26      2.04%     49.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      48      3.77%     53.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     596     46.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1272                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             24672183500     98.60%     98.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               11924500      0.05%     98.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               33504500      0.13%     98.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              305094500      1.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         25022707000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.990132                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.663697                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.805063                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      7.69%     15.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.69%     23.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      7.69%     30.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      7.69%     38.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     23.08%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     30.77%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      7.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.22%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  103      5.61%      5.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.05%      5.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1326     72.22%     78.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     55      3.00%     81.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     5      0.27%     81.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.16%     81.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     200     10.89%     92.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  60      3.27%     95.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.16%     95.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                 76      4.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1836                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              302                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                146                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                145                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  146                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.480132                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.649554                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       24436082000     97.55%     97.55% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user           612799500      2.45%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     103                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            16041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          488.986931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             330460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            16553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.963753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   488.986931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.955053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           565657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          565657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       136490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         136490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       116750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        116750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data       253240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          253240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data       253240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         253240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         8385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         8511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data          429                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          429                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data          380                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          380                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data        16896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         16896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data        16896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        16896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    392692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    392692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    578507500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    578507500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8370500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8370500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2662500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2662500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        39500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        39500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    971199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    971199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    971199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    971199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data       144875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       144875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       125261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       125261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       270136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       270136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       270136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       270136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.057877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.067946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.197878                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.197878                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.181211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.181211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 46832.677400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46832.677400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67971.742451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67971.742451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19511.655012                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19511.655012                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7006.578947                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7006.578947                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57481.031013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57481.031013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57481.031013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57481.031013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            10423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         8385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         8511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          429                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          380                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          380                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        16896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           58                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    384307000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    384307000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    569995500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569995500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7941500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7941500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2287500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2287500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        34500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        34500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    954302500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    954302500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    954302500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    954302500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     13140000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13140000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     13140000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13140000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.057877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.067946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.197878                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197878                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.181211                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181211                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 45832.677400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45832.677400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 66971.624956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66971.624956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18511.655012                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18511.655012                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6019.736842                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6019.736842                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56480.971828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56480.971828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56480.971828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56480.971828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226551.724138                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226551.724138                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226551.724138                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226551.724138                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             8326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             876220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            99.142340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   511.999842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1571918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         1571918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       773467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         773467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       773467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          773467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       773467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         773467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         8328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         8328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          8328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         8328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         8328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    291351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    291351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    291351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    291351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    291351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       781795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       781795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       781795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       781795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       781795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       781795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 34984.570125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34984.570125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 34984.570125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34984.570125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 34984.570125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34984.570125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         8328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    283023500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283023500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    283023500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    283023500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    283023500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    283023500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 33984.570125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33984.570125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 33984.570125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33984.570125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 33984.570125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33984.570125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   155648                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  393                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 393                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2887                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2887                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         4872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         4872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           54                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2922                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       155680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       155680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   158602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy               78000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy            12625467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1233000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             2440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 2436                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 2452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                21924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               21924                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       493998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       493998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    287393469                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total    287393469                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       493998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total       493998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       493998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total       493998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123499.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123499.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118171.656661                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118171.656661                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123499.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123499.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123499.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123499.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            2432                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 2432                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       293998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       293998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    165793469                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165793469                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       293998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       293998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       293998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       293998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73499.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73499.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68171.656661                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68171.656661                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73499.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73499.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73499.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73499.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     64232                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4032.290235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      358406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     68240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.252140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      493.276144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        52.381592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data        30.338148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       139.734464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       385.947908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       916.282197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      1807.806196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        92.180000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       114.343586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.120429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.012788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.007407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.034115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.094226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.223702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.441359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.022505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.027916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.984446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1781805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1781805                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            53377                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 53377                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              156                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              150                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  367                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data              1132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              2841                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               827                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4932                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2761                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           4553                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           3764                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           5714                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              16792                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          6759                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         18649                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          3787                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             30145                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 4553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 7891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 3764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                21490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 5714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 4614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                4553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                7891                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                3764                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               21490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                5714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                4614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                485                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            3557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            2054                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            7121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               13129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          785                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         4711                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4904                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         2613                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            13013                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        13445                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        19004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         4160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           37298                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               1086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               4711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              17002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               4904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              21058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               2613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              11281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  63440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              1086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              4711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             17002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              4904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             21058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              2613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             11281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 63440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       367000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       733500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       427000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       523500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2051000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       153500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       183000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        92500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        91500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       520500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34801500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    285174000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    162728500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    541400000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1024104000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     71383000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    380181000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    403815500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    210354500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1065734000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61664500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1083013000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1524382000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    336408000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3005467500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     71383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     96466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    380181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1368187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    403815500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1687110500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    210354500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    877808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5095305500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     71383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     96466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    380181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1368187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    403815500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1687110500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    210354500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    877808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5095305500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        53377                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             53377                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          245                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          230                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              852                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           529                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          4689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          4895                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          7948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             18061                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         3546                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         9264                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         8668                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         8327                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          29805                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1639                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        20204                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        37653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         7947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         67443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             3546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             2168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             9264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            24893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             8668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            42548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             8327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            15895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               115309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            3546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            2168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            9264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           24893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            8668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           42548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            8327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           15895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              115309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817518                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.363265                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.347826                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.850000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.569249                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827586                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.784314                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.756757                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.804348                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.791411                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750473                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.758584                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.419612                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.895949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.726925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.221376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.508528                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.565759                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.313798                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.436605                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.420378                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.665462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.504714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.523468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.553030                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.221376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.500923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.508528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.683003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.565759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.494923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.313798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.709720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.550174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.221376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.500923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.508528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.683003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.565759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.494923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.313798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.709720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.550174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3276.785714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8241.573034                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5337.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  2566.176471                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4228.865979                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6395.833333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         4575                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3303.571429                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  2472.972973                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4034.883721                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87661.209068                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80172.617374                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79225.170399                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76028.647662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78003.199025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90933.757962                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80700.700488                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82344.106852                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80503.061615                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81897.640821                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89498.548621                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80551.357382                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80213.744475                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80867.307692                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80579.856829                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90933.757962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88826.887661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80700.700488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80472.120927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82344.106852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80117.318834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80503.061615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 77812.959844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80316.921501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90933.757962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88826.887661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80700.700488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80472.120927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82344.106852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80117.318834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80503.061615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 77812.959844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80316.921501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                32000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     32000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           86                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          187                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          101                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          138                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           512                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           73                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           88                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             86                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3712                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3712                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          112                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           89                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           485                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         7121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          13129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          699                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4524                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4803                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2475                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        12501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          678                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        13372                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18916                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4139                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        37105                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          4524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         16929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          4803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         20970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          2475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         11260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             62735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        11260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            62735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          559                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          844                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2306000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1831000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1645000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4218000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10000000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       494500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       822000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       577499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       763500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2657499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30831500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    249604000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    142188500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    470180000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892804000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57095000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    320454500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    348120000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    174913000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    900582500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     53791000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    943759000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1328245500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    292774000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2618569500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     84622500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    320454500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1193363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    348120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1470434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    174913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    762954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4411956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     84622500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    320454500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1193363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    348120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1470434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    174913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    762954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4411956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     79310500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82340500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     40902000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     21660000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     20713000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12471000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95746000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    120212500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     22238000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     23165000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12471000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    178086500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817518                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.363265                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.347826                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569249                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827586                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.784314                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.756757                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.804348                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791411                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.758584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.419612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.895949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.197124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.488342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.554107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.297226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.413667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.661849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.502377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.520825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.197124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.488342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.680071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.554107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.492855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.297226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.708399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.544060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.197124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.495849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.488342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.680071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.554107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.492855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.297226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.708399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.544060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20589.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20573.033708                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20562.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20676.470588                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20618.556701                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20604.166667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20550                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20624.964286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20635.135135                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20600.767442                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77661.209068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70172.617374                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69225.170399                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 66027.243365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68002.437352                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81680.972818                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70834.328028                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72479.700187                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 70671.919192                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72040.836733                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79337.758112                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70577.250972                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70218.095792                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70735.443344                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70571.877106                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81680.972818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78718.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70834.328028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70492.232264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72479.700187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70120.839294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 70671.919192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67757.904085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70326.866980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81680.972818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78718.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70834.328028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70492.232264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72479.700187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70120.839294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 70671.919192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67757.904085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70326.866980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214933.604336                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       144500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       153250                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211672.236504                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215273.684211                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 206285.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 203068.627451                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215017.241379                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210430.769231                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215049.194991                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 204018.348624                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 196313.559322                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215017.241379                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211002.962085                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              49999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             34432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            25670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             13136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            13120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         49610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         7300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         7300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       186160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       187848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 195148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       155648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       155648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2922                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6059520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      6062442                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6218090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1886                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            128622                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  128622    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              128622                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1514500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           264347431                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4178272                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          337546381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                389                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            100801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               455                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              455                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            87813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           74901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            18313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           18314                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         29806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        70608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        75310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        20889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        48618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                335635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       227008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       226024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       592960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2268397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       554752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4712069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       532928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1684880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               10799018                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           74362                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           306923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.225164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.417691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                 237815     77.48%     77.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                  69108     22.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             306923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          172516990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5367390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           5055471                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy          13993756                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          39426878                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          13059361                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          65358853                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          12564306                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          25764943                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
