
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354941500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261635483500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              246057581                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                246050278                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              740567093                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 758172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117924536                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117924536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        80448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        13888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       121728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        64192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            339008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        80448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        30080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       121728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       232256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        22336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          22336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          349                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               349                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    226651434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     80779509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     84746360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     39127575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    342952289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    180852338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            955109504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    226651434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     84746360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    342952289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       654350083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       62928680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            62928680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       62928680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    226651434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     80779509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     84746360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     39127575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    342952289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    180852338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1018038184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       169792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        74880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       559424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            843392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        39296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       532672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         532672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     94483175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    478366153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9195882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    210964342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7032145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1576101977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2376143674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     94483175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9195882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7032145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       110711202                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1500731811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1500731811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1500731811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     94483175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    478366153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      9195882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    210964342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7032145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1576101977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3876875485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139307000     91.91%     91.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      7.98%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151566500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61992500     75.32%     75.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20313000     24.68%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.424453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.900457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.362794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   472.061660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.047584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077659                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077659                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.039280                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039280                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           135.846709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.600371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.371622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          335687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          164104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         164104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       795                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351989000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357775000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.31%      5.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.74%      6.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1045331000     93.95%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.248861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.175414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.439123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   369.809738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.793375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.575256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.228224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.376124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273033                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357511500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357676000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          276.938053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   275.789871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.148182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.538652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.540895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551499500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560932500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         510522000     87.12%     87.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75510000     12.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12773                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.049880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.473264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.109913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   317.939967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.620976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.054517                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054517                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             254050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.510424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.629307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.242056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           907110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          907110                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         447150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          447150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         447150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22151                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11301                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9420                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8697                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          723                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8350                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2635                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             175                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       296640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       520208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       202328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1158568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            44708                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             66744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.194414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.422593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   54500     81.66%     81.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   11513     17.25%     98.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     730      1.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               66744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34341                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17030                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1273                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11110                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9798                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1312                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4307                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               81                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             73                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             154                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1338976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1831336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            34126                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             68117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.217288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.456726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   54628     80.20%     80.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   12177     17.88%     98.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1312      1.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               68117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9323                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3883.059549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  7505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.804998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2074.953107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    99.913798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   236.423887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    68.957707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    97.647473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   423.308363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   417.737544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   182.484922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   281.632747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.506580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.024393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.057721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.016835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.023840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.103347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.101987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.044552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.068758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.948013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3568                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.922119                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              178563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             178563                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3983                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3983                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          324                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          712                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          748                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1460                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          748                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          710                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3478                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           84                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1756                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1781                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          521                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2906                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1781                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          521                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3983                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3983                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           84                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3762                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2944                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1565                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990991                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.844231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.857367                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.847314                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.714400                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.410559                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.611909                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.665761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.604473                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.644489                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.714400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.410559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.677712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.683502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.714400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.410559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.677712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.683502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3723                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3723                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               12546                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3824.756266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 14107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               12546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.124422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1745.957018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   491.822742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   446.514006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   200.044941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   197.509489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.573909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   264.505000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   477.829161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.426259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.120074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.109012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.048839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.048220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.064576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.116658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.933778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988037                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              284648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             284648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8052                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8052                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3418                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3418                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          546                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             546                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2223                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2224                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           71                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1942                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1942                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            12039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           12039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8052                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8052                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3418                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3418                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4270                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987342                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987654                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.920536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.920536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.454801                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.454801                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.629129                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.629086                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.454801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.784765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.702515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.454801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.784765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.702515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4979                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4979                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              8133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        22132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 30318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       166976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       551680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       718696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       201152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       201192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 919888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           29584                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            50443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.579367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.493666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  21218     42.06%     42.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  29225     57.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              50443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            91                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        25378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         9090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        34468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        15257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        15257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 49725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       886208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       202152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1088360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       548416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       548416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1636776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           10577                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            43959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.239064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.426517                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  33450     76.09%     76.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  10509     23.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              43959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6280                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.776822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           93                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.333982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.439865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.858036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.179225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.963918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.708374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.027492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.053627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.122745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        94730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        94730                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3552                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3552                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          535                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2786                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         5042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3228                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         5042                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3552                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3552                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1726                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         5068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         5068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996276                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998675                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.976422                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993226                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.984897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.984897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3534                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3534                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3058                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.921563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.023872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.909425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.917392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.729071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.824205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.114956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.061950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.119339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.182337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.114013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.257185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.253872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        51557                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        51557                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          185                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          185                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1024                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2926                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2966                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          185                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          185                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1903                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1028                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2931                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996109                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998294                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          179                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          179                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3055                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.904419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           55                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.018003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.852738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.552343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.729071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.824215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.286487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.295001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.115796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.159521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.114013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.267905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.268438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        51424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        51424                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1023                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2925                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1063                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2965                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1024                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2926                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999658                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          178                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          178                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6269                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.756697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           47                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.007497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.409780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.423288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.864299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.169805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.887817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.713111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.026456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.054019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.117989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        94238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        94238                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          535                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          703                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2784                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         5040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3227                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1238                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         5040                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1721                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          535                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2786                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         5042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         5042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999336                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998580                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         3529                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         3529                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33986                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8192                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28497                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4653                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62483                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12845                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              44090                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          44184                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  302458                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             166485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               166485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17224                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160669                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       221614                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       113304                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62747                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34190                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28557                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231436.826260                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      71021.173740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234813                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765187                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2866      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            96320     57.82%     59.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35150     21.10%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28837     17.31%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166597                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23722                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37542                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23268                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23393                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522863826                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16017                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130179                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172855                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99155                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38651                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24607                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3656337802.807336                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      866526023.192664                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191588                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808412                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19746                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2818      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86818     63.89%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25657     18.88%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6420      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135882                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522863712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520512709.503778                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2351002.496223                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82722                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34093                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88112                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170834                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49610                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161855                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162007                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523270968                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8523                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46957                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433986                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294772                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171948                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83562                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88386                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1645926394.904742                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2877344573.095258                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636120                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363880                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58349                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9715      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256532     56.83%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85822     19.01%     78.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88453     19.59%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451420                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5712                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3713                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4850                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          121                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           68                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          172                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2296                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2296                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5712                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        15883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        15883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         9067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              24950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       548864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       548864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       201320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       201320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              750184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        30824                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         47161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.644516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.478665                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16765     35.55%     35.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               30396     64.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           47161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2021436000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2264013667000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               48250192                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 48249916                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              797402682                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 771484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   122314123                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122314123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         4672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        96768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        32512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1163456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       458432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        30976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1804992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        96768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1163456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        30976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1299904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2187584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2187584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        18179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         7163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              28203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        34181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             34181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4305850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2311228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     47870919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     16083616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    575559157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    226785315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     15323760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      4685778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            892925623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4305850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     47870919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    575559157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     15323760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       643059686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1082193055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1082193055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1082193055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4305850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2311228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     47870919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     16083616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    575559157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    226785315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     15323760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      4685778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1975118678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       174144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        74816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       585472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      1550656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2436800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        74816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       110528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      2181120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2181120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         9148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        24229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              38075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        34080                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             34080                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       189964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     17666649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     86148659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     37011313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    289631727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      7725201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      767106156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1205479669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     17666649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     37011313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        54677962                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1078995328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1078995328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1078995328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       189964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     17666649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     86148659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     37011313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    289631727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      7725201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     767106156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2284474997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     229     40.60%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72     12.77%     53.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.35%     53.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.18%     53.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    260     46.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      229     42.96%     42.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72     13.51%     56.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.38%     56.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     57.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     229     42.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  533                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2189310500     98.25%     98.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.24%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     98.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               33388000      1.50%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2228361000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.880769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.945035                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  416     84.04%     84.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      6      1.21%     85.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      73     14.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   495                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               75                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               94                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          451.836746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               5597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.542553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   451.836746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.882494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            61849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           61849                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          18968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           29719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          29719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        29865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        29865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.026365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.028322                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.028322                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              36681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           143.847059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           202521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          202521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         100878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          100878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         100878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       101133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       101133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       701                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     178     45.64%     45.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.51%     46.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.26%     46.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    209     53.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 390                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      178     49.72%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.56%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.28%     50.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     177     49.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  358                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1667000000     99.19%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     99.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               13372000      0.80%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1680634500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.846890                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.917949                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.34%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.48%      4.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  364     86.87%     90.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.95%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.24%     92.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      23      5.49%     97.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.15%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   419                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.724138                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65245000     50.73%     50.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            63368000     49.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.034132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              91612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.577130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   498.034132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.972723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           198748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          198748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        52117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        90233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           90233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        90233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          90233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        55158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        55158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        40322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        95480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        95480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        95480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        95480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.054710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.054710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.160377                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160377                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050394                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050394                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.054954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.054954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.993792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             439033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           155.795955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.035651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.958141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           523806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          523806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         257673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          257673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         257673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       260493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       260493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       260493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     241                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     13145                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    2646     36.71%     36.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     65      0.90%     37.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.03%     37.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     37.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   4493     62.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                7207                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     2643     49.37%     49.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      65      1.21%     50.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.04%     50.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     50.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    2642     49.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 5353                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1691342000     75.90%     75.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4647500      0.21%     76.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     76.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     76.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              532206500     23.88%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2228406000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998866                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.588026                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.742750                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         3      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         3      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     11.11%     36.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.78%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        5     13.89%     52.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        8     22.22%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.78%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.78%     80.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.78%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      5.56%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::92                        1      2.78%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      2.78%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      2.78%     97.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      2.78%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    36                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  346      3.88%      3.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      10      0.11%      4.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6719     75.35%     79.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    340      3.81%     83.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     83.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     420      4.71%     87.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  71      0.80%     88.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.03%     88.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               1002     11.24%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  8917                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              765                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                349                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                348                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  349                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.454902                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.625673                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2639171000     87.74%     87.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           368616500     12.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     346                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            39735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.218368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             917422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            39735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.088511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    15.857120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   484.361248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.030971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.946018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1983601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1983601                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       563804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         563804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       343489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        343489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11552                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11552                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       907293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          907293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       907293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         907293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        28696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1247                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1247                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        38941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         38941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        38941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        38941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       592500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       592500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       353734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       946234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       946234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       946234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       946234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.048432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.097429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007296                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007296                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            19768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            83269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            3195501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            83269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            38.375638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    29.793519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   482.206481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.058190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.941810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6577173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         6577173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3163683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         3163683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        3163683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        83269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         83269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        83269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3246952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      3246952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      3246952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        83269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            83269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       100                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      30     34.09%     34.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      2.27%     36.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      3.41%     39.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     53     60.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  88                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       30     46.88%     46.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      3.12%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      4.69%     54.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      29     45.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   64                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1882105500     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.02%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4785000      0.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1887340000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.547170                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.727273                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.19%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   80     85.11%     88.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      7      7.45%     95.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       4      4.26%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    94                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          421.984370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.471136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   421.984370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.824188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            16157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           16157                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.105289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.105289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.354839                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.354839                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.310345                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.310345                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.089562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.089562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              59193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.094416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            44417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           44417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           20731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          20731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        21716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        21716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 427                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  3559424                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        442                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3566220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                55755                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                55755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               501795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              501795                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         17008                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8769                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          734                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           13420                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10380                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3040                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6775                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1932                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             169                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3075                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  26378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        28288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       335232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       533600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  910454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           248699                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            266183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.068182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.293910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  251075     94.32%     94.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   12067      4.53%     98.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    3041      1.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              266183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        249784                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       124357                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        31128                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           69345                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        54054                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        15291                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             115330                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        60636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12846                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            111                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             296                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10313                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10313                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          84254                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         30395                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       226361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       116597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 347716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9157888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3831754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       115072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        61044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                13165758                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           227383                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            478574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.305974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.525633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  347440     72.60%     72.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  115839     24.21%     96.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   15293      3.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              478574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7836                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3872.418718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.732772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2047.177355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     7.180761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    10.431462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     5.149999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     5.167664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   102.310665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    72.968105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   696.828137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   925.204570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.499799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.002547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.024978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.017814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.170124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.225880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.945415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3860                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.942383                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              140457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             140457                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3133                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3133                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          284                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             286                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          119                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          750                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          869                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          905                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          933                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               2088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1189                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              2088                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1819                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          136                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2070                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2206                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2225                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2319                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6354                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3133                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3133                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          121                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2115                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           8442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          8442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.864955                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.864775                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.533333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734043                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.717398                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.770492                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.710863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.713100                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.533333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.776119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.772788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.752665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.533333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.776119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.772788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.752665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3195                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3195                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               48202                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4004.521624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                125193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               48202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.597257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1692.498930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    18.505252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    17.097200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     4.760167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     4.590097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1165.201508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   661.812031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   200.084625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   239.971814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.413208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.004518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.004174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.284473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.161575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.058587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.977666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          710                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1806115                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1806115                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        20056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        60636                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        60636                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3185                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            3201                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        63766                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          501                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        64267                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        19553                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        19720                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        63766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        22738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              87188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        63766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        22738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             87188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          182                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          7059                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        19503                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        19987                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          230                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        19503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        17025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            37424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        19503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        17025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           37424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        20056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        60636                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        60636                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           96                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        84254                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        29701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          397                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        30098                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         124612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        124612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979167                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.975904                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977528                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.683463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.919192                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.688012                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.234217                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.491371                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.237223                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.341672                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.579345                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.344807                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.234217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.428162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.491371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.692437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.300324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.234217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.428162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.491371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.692437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.300324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           9539                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                9539                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             29944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        61605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           15631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        28833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        13013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        20124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        68472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        72134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        93696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        73569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       167265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                259523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       155776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       612726                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1856832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1860734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1998848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1569472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3568320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                6041780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           82314                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           254042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.322329                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.467369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 172157     67.77%     67.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  81885     32.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             254042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             33427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        36942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           21383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           33162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        32746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        32999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        75961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       108960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        85715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        85715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                194675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1126592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1879102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      3005694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3580608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      3580608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                6586302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          121091                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           248813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.486361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 127800     51.36%     51.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 121013     48.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             248813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        29726                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.767078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        29726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.290226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.398385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.194294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.475191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.408982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.893139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.024899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.029699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.025561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       494605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       494605                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27424                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27424                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           46                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           96                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1783                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1783                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3493                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4165                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27424                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27424                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1787                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1787                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2424                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.982673                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.989076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.989076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        27414                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        27414                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        27023                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.886798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        27023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.016949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.550463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    10.087367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.301628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.814373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.132967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.096904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.630460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.206352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.050898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.008310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       395175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       395175                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2862                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2862                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           39                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          156                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2053                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2055                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          159                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        24227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        26282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18206                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7431                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        26282                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2862                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2862                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2055                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2057                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18323                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5415                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          159                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        24381                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        26438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        26438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.993615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993167                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993684                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.993615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.993615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         2831                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         2831                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        26932                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.888075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        26932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.549325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    10.029508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.359438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.816654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.133150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.096833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.626844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.209965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.051041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.008322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       392842                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       392842                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2831                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2831                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           41                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           63                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2048                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18184                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5342                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          159                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        24169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        26219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18184                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7390                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        26219                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2831                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2831                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2053                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2055                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          159                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        24227                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        26282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        26282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998792                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993306                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997606                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         2794                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         2794                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        29715                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.754541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           58                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        29715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.472297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.301467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.191385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.395240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.394152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.904519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.018842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.024702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       518014                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       518014                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           96                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        26163                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1709                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        28544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3488                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        28544                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1783                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        26167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        28549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        28549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999415                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999580                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        27403                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        27403                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               19898                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11605                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               31503                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              11087                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          11087                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 4456805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             101133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               101133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        97126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               9119                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6732                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               97126                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       123733                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        75256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                31650                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              20042                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11608                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4345324.021150                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      111480.978850                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.025014                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.974986                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    17198                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          454      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            64383     63.66%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              86      0.09%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           21669     21.43%     85.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11612     11.48%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2929      2.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            101133                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               55664                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           28506                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              40938                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16400                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               96602                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           44906                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             131107                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         131228                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 3360846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             260335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               260335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       251936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           349                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               6701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        28108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              251936                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  349                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       344910                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       179915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                96936                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              55924                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             41012                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3144199.656393                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      216646.343607                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.064462                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.935538                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    36812                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         4602      1.77%      1.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           153376     58.88%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             170      0.07%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           56942     21.86%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          41293     15.85%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          4061      1.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            260493                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              602170                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1918                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          110637                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             366987                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              317                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  13                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          65544                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              969157                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              2235                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   25                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          176181                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             832166                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1900                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         834066                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 4457064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            3244692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              3244692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      3099119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         17954                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             118920                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       326713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             3099119                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                17954                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      4228946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      2352869                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        10116                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         9979                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               976269                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             607906                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            368363                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      875594.453129                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      3581469.546871                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.803549                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.196451                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   479835                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        73301      2.26%      2.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          2088202     64.31%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            9773      0.30%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           4613      0.14%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              5      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           1949      0.06%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            652      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          629779     19.40%     86.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         369513     11.38%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         69164      2.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           3246952                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                4133                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3610                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7743                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1228                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1228                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 3774687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              21714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                21714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        20988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         2100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               20988                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        28863                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        14821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7775                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               4152                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3623                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      3754418.072356                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      20268.927644                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.005370                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.994630                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3309                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          221      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            13105     60.35%     61.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              48      0.22%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            4265     19.64%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3628     16.71%     97.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           438      2.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             21716                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             681                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          27290                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30245                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        17968                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           82                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          187                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         28225                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        28222                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26609                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        86416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        86416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        75525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        75525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             161941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      3581632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      3581632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1867134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1867134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             5448766                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       146664                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        251241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.581708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.493280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              105092     41.83%     41.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              146149     58.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          251241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.715643                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                715642541500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2979656208500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1334875                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1334875                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              179410620                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 775580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3988.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5324621628                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5324621628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     10898560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      5791232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7693888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      4268224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7258432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      3924288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9084864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      4857280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          53776768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     10898560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      7693888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7258432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9084864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     34935744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      3825984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3825984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       170290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        90488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       120217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        66691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       113413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        61317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst       141951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        75895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             840262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        59781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             59781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     15229056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      8092353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10751021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      5964184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     10142538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      5483587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     12694695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      6787299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             75144733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     15229056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10751021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     10142538                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     12694695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        48817310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        5346222                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5346222                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        5346222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     15229056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      8092353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     10751021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      5964184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     10142538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      5483587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     12694695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      6787299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            80490956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3845824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    205940544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3122368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    209777024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3173248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    256137152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3058432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    218268160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      7510976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         910833728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3845824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3122368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3173248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3058432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total     13199872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    470578496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      470578496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        60091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      3217821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        48787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      3277766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        49582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      4002143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        47788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      3410440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       117359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           14231777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      7352789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           7352789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5373945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    287770126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4363027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    293131014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4434124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    357912138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4273687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    304996066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       10495430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1272749557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5373945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4363027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4434124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4273687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        18444784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      657560819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           657560819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      657560819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5373945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    287770126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4363027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    293131014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4434124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    357912138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      4273687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    304996066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      10495430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1930310377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     290                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    161878                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   12178     34.17%     34.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.06%     34.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      2.06%     36.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    678      1.90%     38.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  22032     61.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               35641                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    12178     47.47%     47.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.08%     47.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      2.86%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     678      2.64%     53.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   12044     46.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                25653                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            713392759000     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               91692500      0.01%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2117233500      0.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715639102000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.546659                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.719761                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.68%      0.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2      1.36%      2.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      1.36%      3.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       24     16.33%     19.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                      118     80.27%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   147                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  834      1.14%      1.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1832      2.50%      3.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                29529     40.31%     43.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1744      2.38%     46.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4683      6.39%     52.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                2770      3.78%     56.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%     56.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              31856     43.49%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 73254                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6512                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               4439                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               4438                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 4439                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.681511                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.810611                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       87585121000     12.20%     12.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        630306063500     87.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1832                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          4864143                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.051072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          267856629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4864143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.067589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   506.051072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.988381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        550335531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       550335531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    211865845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      211865845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     55864968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      55864968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        44478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    267730813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       267730813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    267730813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      267730813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3692308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3692308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1194686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1194686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11520                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11520                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9717                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9717                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4886994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4886994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4886994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4886994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    215558153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    215558153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     57059654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     57059654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54637                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        54637                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54195                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        54195                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    272617807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    272617807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    272617807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    272617807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.210846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.210846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.179297                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.179297                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2324901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2324901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           397527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1266879390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           397527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3186.901493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2537643131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2537643131                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268225275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1268225275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268225275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1268225275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268225275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1268225275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       397527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        397527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       397527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1268622802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1268622802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1268622802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       397527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           397527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     363                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    132913                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    6985     32.48%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      3.41%     35.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    452      2.10%     37.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  13335     62.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               21505                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     6985     46.79%     46.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      4.91%     51.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     452      3.03%     54.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    6759     45.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                14929                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            714815310500     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               72303000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              923359500      0.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715846890000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.506862                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.694211                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.33%      0.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                      292     95.74%     96.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       11      3.61%     99.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                        1      0.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   305                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  572      1.12%      1.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  683      1.33%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.01%      2.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                17984     35.12%     37.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1687      3.29%     40.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2342      4.57%     45.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 810      1.58%     47.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     47.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              27125     52.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 51209                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2526                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               2019                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                499                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               2171                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 2019                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  152                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.859462                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.304609                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.860825                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1940345500      0.27%      0.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        627643936500     87.52%     87.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         87583176000     12.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     683                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          4795654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.297354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          265519542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4795654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.366701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.297354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.988862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        545519579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       545519579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    210270877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      210270877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     55220429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      55220429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        20018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        22501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    265491306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       265491306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    265491306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      265491306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3645042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3645042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1165522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1165522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6192                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6192                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3501                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3501                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4810564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       4810564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4810564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      4810564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    213915919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213915919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     56385951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56385951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26210                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26210                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    270301870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    270301870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    270301870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    270301870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.236246                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.236246                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.134643                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.134643                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2266624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2266624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           260135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1258044129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           260135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4836.120203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2519053545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2519053545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1259136570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1259136570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1259136570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       260135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        260135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       260135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259396705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1259396705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259396705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1259396705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259396705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1259396705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       260135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           260135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     391                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    629396                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    8467     30.34%     30.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    118      0.42%     30.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      2.63%     33.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    696      2.49%     35.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  17891     64.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               27905                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     8467     46.05%     46.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     118      0.64%     46.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      3.99%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     696      3.79%     54.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    8371     45.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                18385                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            713789825000     99.75%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8437000      0.00%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               99930500      0.01%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1624475000      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715558584500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.467889                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.658843                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      2.13%      2.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      2.13%      4.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        8     17.02%     21.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.13%     23.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        8     17.02%     40.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       28     59.57%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    47                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  344      0.58%      0.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  939      1.58%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.01%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                23740     40.07%     42.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1791      3.02%     45.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2744      4.63%     49.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 588      0.99%     50.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.01%     50.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              29090     49.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 59244                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3684                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2467                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2468                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2467                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.669924                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.802309                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       15535922500      2.17%      2.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        700018786000     97.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     939                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5734237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.545324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          303418715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5734237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.913529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.545324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.997159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        624112161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       624112161                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    235771065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      235771065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     67580285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      67580285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        30518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        32848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    303351350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       303351350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    303351350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      303351350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4526143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4526143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1226067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1226067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7787                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7787                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5379                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5379                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5752210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5752210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5752210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5752210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    240297208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    240297208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     68806352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     68806352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        38305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        38305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        38227                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        38227                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    309103560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    309103560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    309103560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    309103560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.203289                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203289                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.140712                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.140712                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3140300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3140300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           288384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1402135101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           288384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          4862.041934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2812929096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2812929096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1406031972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1406031972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1406031972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       288384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        288384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       288384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1406320356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1406320356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1406320356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       288384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           288384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     393                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    161584                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   15912     39.23%     39.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      1.81%     41.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    869      2.14%     43.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  23045     56.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               40559                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    15912     47.52%     47.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      2.19%     49.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     869      2.60%     52.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   15971     47.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                33485                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            714000172000     99.74%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               97395000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1713505000      0.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715846989000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.693035                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.825587                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         3      1.97%      1.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                        19     12.50%     14.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        8      5.26%     19.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        2      1.32%     21.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.97%     23.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       39     25.66%     48.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                       78     51.32%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   152                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  510      0.67%      0.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1096      1.45%      2.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.01%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                36304     47.95%     50.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4919      6.50%     56.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    2954      3.90%     60.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 923      1.22%     61.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.01%     61.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              29002     38.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 75716                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4050                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               2622                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               2622                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 2622                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.647407                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.785971                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       91241925500     12.71%     12.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        626487102500     87.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1096                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          5054656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.793953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          268944050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5054656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.207192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   505.793953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.987879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        553128101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       553128101                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    211854736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      211854736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     56960294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      56960294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        62154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        62154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        66414                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        66414                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    268815030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       268815030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    268815030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      268815030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3768588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3768588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1300884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1300884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10534                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10534                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5219                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5219                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5069472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       5069472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5069472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      5069472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    215623324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    215623324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     58261178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     58261178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        72688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        71633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    273884502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    273884502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    273884502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    273884502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.144921                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144921                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.072857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2435832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2435832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           344022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1268160177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           344022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3686.276392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2537836018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2537836018                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1268401976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1268401976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1268401976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       344022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        344022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       344022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1268745998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1268745998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1268745998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       344022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           344022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 914                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  7507968                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1549                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1549                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              126862                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             126862                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        15652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        21722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       235100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       235100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  256822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        62608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        66263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7509872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      7509872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7576135                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               117550                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               117550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1057950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1057950                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              238                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          117317                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               117317                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20703609                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10354864                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       435377                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        11887864                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     11438724                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       449140                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            8013018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               4636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              4636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4591525                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       414182                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4890533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            21602                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          13218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           34820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2338606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2338606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         657662                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7355062                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1060873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     14602105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       668633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     14346789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               30678400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     42454144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    461276825                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     26143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    453008824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               982883665                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         39359808                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          60039744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.220028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.431951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                47278568     78.75%     78.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                12311982     20.51%     99.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  449157      0.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                      34      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            60039744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      22904306                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11452199                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       416036                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         4414822                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      3844195                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       570627                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            8946475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               4914                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              4914                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5576132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       415659                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5023760                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            17571                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          10598                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           28169                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2509380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2509380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         632406                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8313052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       759579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     17174987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       920892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     15137969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               33993427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     30156480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    569123566                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     36919680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    480417496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1116617222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         24376926                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          47254481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.123171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.363538                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                42004915     88.89%     88.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 4678821      9.90%     98.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  570698      1.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                      44      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            47254481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             8098557                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3992.845562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               8137869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             8098557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.004854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1725.815247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.616922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     1.026008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.410621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.504669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   104.392582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1016.919158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   129.291597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1013.868759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.421342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.025486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.248271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.031565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.247527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979492                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           172539359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          172539359                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4591525                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4591525                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       414182                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       414182                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          278                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            402                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          233                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        23720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15634                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           39354                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       167135                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        91100                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       258235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1514596                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1430424                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2945020                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       167135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1538316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        91100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1446058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            3242609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       167135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1538316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        91100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1446058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           3242609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12360                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3652                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        16012                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         8881                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1154309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1144032                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       2298341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       230392                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       169035                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       399427                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2180907                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2215619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4396526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       230392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3335216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       169035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3359651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          7094294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       230392                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3335216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       169035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3359651                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         7094294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4591525                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4591525                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       414182                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       414182                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12638                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3776                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        16414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1835                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1178029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1159666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2337695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260135                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       657662                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3695503                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3646043                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7341546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4873532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4805709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       10336903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4873532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4805709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      10336903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.978003                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.967161                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975509                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.978294                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.959128                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.974435                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.979865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.986519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.983165                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.579563                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.649797                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.607344                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.590152                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.607678                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.598856                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.579563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.684353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.649797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.699096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.686307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.579563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.684353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.649797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.699096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.686307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        3247470                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             3247470                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             9284287                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4019.113446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               9032455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             9284287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.972875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1684.624163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.018663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.018304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.000215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.009201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    72.436965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1194.259248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    67.202943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1000.543745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.411285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.017685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.291567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.016407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.244273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.981229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969482                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           191672020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          191672020                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5576132                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5576132                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       415659                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       415659                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           50                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            141                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        26149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        27642                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           53791                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       123909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       152844                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       276753                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1637340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1531322                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      3168662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       123909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1663489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       152844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1558964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            3499206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       123909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1663489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       152844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1558964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           3499206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6093                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7372                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        13465                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3907                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3733                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         7640                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1191424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1263053                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       2454477                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       164475                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       191178                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       355653                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2891912                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2242828                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5134740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       164475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4083336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       191178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3505881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          7944870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       164475                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4083336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       191178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3505881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         7944870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5576132                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5576132                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       415659                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       415659                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6143                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7463                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        13606                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3936                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7689                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1217573                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1290695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2508268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288384                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344022                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       632406                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4529252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3774150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8303402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5746825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5064845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       11444076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5746825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5064845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      11444076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991861                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987807                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989637                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992632                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994671                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993627                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.978524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.978584                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.978555                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.570333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.555714                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.562381                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.638497                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.594260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.618390                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.570333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.710538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.555714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.692199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.694234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.570333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.710538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.555714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.692199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.694234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        4057829                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             4057829                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           5193363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              9550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             9550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3390832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3698873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           26395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         17812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          32076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2304755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2303602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5192052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       117312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       117312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1164075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     19874416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     21048351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1001984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1013846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       352598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       352598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              22414795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     31286208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    630563328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33297                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    661882833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     27362048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        32966                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     27395014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      7523520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7523520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              696801367                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        30309690                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         45259912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.669131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.470526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               14975106     33.09%     33.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               30284806     66.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           45259912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           9819503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              4914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             4914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7380670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6476941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           31304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         17691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          36034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4865305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4863484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9818486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     22234932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1173398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     23408330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     19911933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     19911933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              43320263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    739555584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     28640390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    768195974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    643845952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    643845952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1412041926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1654067                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         30792641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.053314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.224659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               29150964     94.67%     94.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1641677      5.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           30792641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      7651145                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.537449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        43994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      7651145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.311430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.085767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.048967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.049541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.041489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.456964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.253060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.252593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    117547297                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    117547297                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3331051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3331051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          353                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          464                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6579                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6949                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        13559                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total        14023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6932                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7060                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total        14023                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2707                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        10183                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3814                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          796                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1150336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1141801                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      2292137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60096                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2081748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        48797                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2141961                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4332776                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3232084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        48797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3283762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      6624913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60096                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3232084                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        48797                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3283762                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      6624913                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3331051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3331051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7476                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2707                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        10183                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3817                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          796                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4613                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1150689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1141912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2292601                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60102                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2088327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        48818                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2148910                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          178                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4346335                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3239016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        48818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3290822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      6638936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3239016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        48818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3290822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      6638936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999214                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999350                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999900                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996850                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999570                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996766                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.977528                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.977528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.977528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      3326767                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      3326767                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       418770                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.950647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        35474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       418770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.084710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.848879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.326592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.952405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.404964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.417807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.240555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.207912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.184525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.212810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.151113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      6291215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      6291215                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27881                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27881                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           95                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1376                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7394                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1290                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        15463                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total        15642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1376                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7478                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1290                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5498                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total        15642                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1540                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1962                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3502                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1597                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1719                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3316                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3449                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       113512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        64240                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       142100                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        77846                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       397698                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       113512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        66561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       142100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        81295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       403468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       113512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        66561                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       142100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        81295                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       403468                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27881                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27881                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1540                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1963                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3503                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1597                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1719                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3316                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5949                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        71634                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       143390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        83249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       413161                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        74039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       143390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       419110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        74039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       143390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       419110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999491                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999715                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.965073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.973194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.969911                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.896781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.991004                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.935098                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.962574                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.898999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.991004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.936654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.962678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.988023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.898999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.991004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.936654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.962678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        26998                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        26998                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       416472                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.941819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         9745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       416472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.023399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.131604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.873766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.292124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.047228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.597097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.133225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.242110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.205758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.252952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.162319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      6088319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      6088319                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        26998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          767                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          149                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          822                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1837                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         1981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           99                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          813                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          920                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         1981                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1540                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1962                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3502                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1597                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1719                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3316                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       113413                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        63473                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       141951                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        77024                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       395861                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       113413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        65748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       141951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        80375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       401487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       113413                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        65748                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       141951                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        80375                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       401487                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        26998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1540                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3502                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1597                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1719                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3316                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2321                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3449                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       113512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        64240                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       142100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        77846                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       397698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       113512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        66561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       142100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       403468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       113512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        66561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       142100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       403468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.980181                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.971586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.975043                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988060                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.989441                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995381                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        26045                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        26045                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      7642515                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.551154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        16266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      7642515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.002128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.397171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.079468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.027895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.048369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.998010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.462323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.251743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.249876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses    117435009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses    117435009                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3326767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3326767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2232                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2435                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total         4971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2421                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2534                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total         4971                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7477                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2707                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        10184                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3796                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          796                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1150146                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1141702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      2409160                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60091                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2079516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        48787                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2139526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4328093                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3229662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        48787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3281228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       117485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      6737253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60091                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3229662                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        48787                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3281228                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       117485                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      6737253                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3326767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3326767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7477                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2707                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        10184                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3814                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          796                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1150335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1141801                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2409448                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2081748                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        48797                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2141961                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4332776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3232083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        48797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3283762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       117486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      6742224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3232083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        48797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3283762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       117486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      6742224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995281                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996095                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999836                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998928                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.994253                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998919                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.999991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.999991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks      3322841                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total      3322841                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           215560378                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             64164                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       214016942                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           57113607                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            12142                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       55866466                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           272673985                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             76306                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       269883408                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         1261168274                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses            10889                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     1261179163                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1431285373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1268546496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1268546496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   1040127969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     218410891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2856215                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     87411409                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          1040127969                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            218410891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1705498437                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    837001114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    246328648                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    178041228                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            272810672                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          215677184                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          57133488                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      162651714.955463                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1268633658.044537                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.886360                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.113640                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                108550325                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     82339680      6.49%      6.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        751368776     59.23%     65.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        25234245      1.99%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       84373914      6.65%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        7865300      0.62%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2416612      0.19%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      36547217      2.88%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        4506669      0.36%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       215769772     17.01%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       57137947      4.50%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       1062670      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1268622802                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           213903055                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             58379                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       213150949                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           56412617                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            12044                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       55739476                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           270315672                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             70423                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       268890425                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         1255606026                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses            10102                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     1255616128                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1431694143                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         1259326282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           1259326282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   1032201734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     217131109                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            2637174                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     86769513                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          1032201734                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            217131109                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   1693082133                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    830720120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    244745193                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    177072530                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            270429033                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          214000572                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          56428461                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      171927761.763469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1259766381.236531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.879913                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.120087                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                107499725                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     82063724      6.52%      6.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        746109925     59.24%     65.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        24974511      1.98%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       83878136      6.66%     74.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        7792607      0.62%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        2390978      0.19%     75.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      36351585      2.89%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        4449743      0.35%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       214054783     17.00%     95.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       56429864      4.48%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        900849      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        1259396705                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           240240397                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            538618                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       239620691                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           68845549                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            19273                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       67682738                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           309085946                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            557891                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       307303429                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1400443554                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses            10840                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1400454394                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1431117609                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1405762465                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1405762465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1137782637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     267704595                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            5718555                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     94715088                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1137782637                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            267704595                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1881916428                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    900853162                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    300922133                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    217673298                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            309744306                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          240875020                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          68869286                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      24951331.300673                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1406166277.699327                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.982565                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.017435                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                119876278                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     93315437      6.64%      6.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        807232762     57.40%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        25838063      1.84%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      101252544      7.20%     73.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       10797061      0.77%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        3199375      0.23%     74.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      42596534      3.03%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        6459907      0.46%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       240942654     17.13%     94.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       68872339      4.90%     99.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       5813680      0.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1406320356                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           215651444                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses             61301                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       213539706                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           58333004                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            12435                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       55810456                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           273984448                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses             73736                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       269350162                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         1253521165                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses            10831                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     1253531996                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1431694371                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         1268672262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           1268672262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   1042008698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     216310492                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            2884905                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     88077428                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          1042008698                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            216310492                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   1704648600                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    837383108                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    243693515                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    176421646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            274107979                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          215757441                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          58350538                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      162575123.434501                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1269119247.565500                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.886446                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.113554                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                109044292                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     82044965      6.47%      6.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        752323774     59.30%     65.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        24832556      1.96%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       83557883      6.59%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        7752668      0.61%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        2373257      0.19%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      36172533      2.85%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        4427401      0.35%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       215880711     17.02%     95.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       58354213      4.60%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       1026037      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        1268745998                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        4731491                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           4914                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          4914                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3353765                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      3607796                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        18551                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11987                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        21612                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       2416169                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      2415218                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4730474                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     20185189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     20185189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1132719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1132719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           21317908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    644415424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    644415424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     27582790                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     27582790                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           671998214                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     23894298                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      38001241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.627784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.483396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1            14144673     37.22%     37.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            23856568     62.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        38001241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000940                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   940470500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2980596679000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             5063014617                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               5062886506                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              893895660                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 776604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5326551226                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5326551226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       266368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       211200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       151296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        89408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            768384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       266368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       151296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       453056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       166592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         166592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         4162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         3300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              12006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    283228448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    224568447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     37496126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     15515638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    160872670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     95067309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       136102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       136102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            817020842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    283228448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     37496126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    160872670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       136102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       481733345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      177136869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           177136869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      177136869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    283228448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    224568447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     37496126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     15515638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    160872670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     95067309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       136102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       136102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           994157711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       416320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        78912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       571328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1153472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        80768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        86848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       675200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         675200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         6505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         8927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              18023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        10550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             10550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     85880418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    442672046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3742807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     83906938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2722042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    607491676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        68051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1226483978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     85880418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3742807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2722042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        92345268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      717938521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           717938521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      717938521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     85880418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    442672046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3742807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     83906938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2722042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    607491676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        68051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1944422499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4247                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1124     45.90%     45.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      3.76%     49.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     49.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     49.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1231     50.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2449                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1124     48.01%     48.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      3.93%     51.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.04%     51.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     52.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1123     47.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2341                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               628346500     76.90%     76.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.84%     77.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     77.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     77.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              181607000     22.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           817067000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.912266                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.955900                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.88%      5.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      5.88%     11.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         5     29.41%     41.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.76%     52.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        2     11.76%     64.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.88%     70.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      5.88%     76.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      5.88%     82.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2     11.76%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::130                       1      5.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    17                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   27      0.85%      0.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.06%      0.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2210     69.98%     70.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      0.32%     71.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     145      4.59%     75.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  28      0.89%     76.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.16%     76.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                729     23.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  3158                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              173                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 51                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 52                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   51                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.300578                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.459821                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         456039000     68.53%     68.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           209449500     31.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      27                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          495.981787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             401278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.199756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   495.981787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.968714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           792319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          792319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       229858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         229858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       130758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        130758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7128                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7128                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       360616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          360616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       360616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         360616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       240017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       240017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       134544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       134544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       374561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       374561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       374561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       374561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.042326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.028139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.089805                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089805                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004330                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004330                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             8915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.950263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2773521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           294.210353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.950263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2665762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2665762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1319501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1319501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1319501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          8920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         8920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             8915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       801                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      96     45.07%     45.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.47%     45.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.41%     46.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    113     53.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 213                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       96     49.23%     49.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.51%     49.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.54%     51.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      95     48.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  195                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               943954500     99.36%     99.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.04%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5636500      0.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           950001000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.840708                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.915493                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.14%     20.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.74%     22.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  140     48.61%     70.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      1.04%     71.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      70     24.31%     96.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.12%     99.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.69%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   288                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.200000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.697436                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58426500      5.42%      5.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.76%      6.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1010888500     93.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.273868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              62510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.132943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   419.273868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.818894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78831                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.065058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.087866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1033                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1033                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1336                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1282228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           693.846320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       136114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       136114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1245                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     263     49.25%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.19%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.19%     49.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    269     50.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 534                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      261     49.90%     49.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.19%     50.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     50.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     260     49.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  523                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1008761000     98.49%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.00%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     98.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               15314500      1.50%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1024236500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992395                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.966543                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.979401                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.49%      0.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      8.70%      9.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  431     70.77%     79.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.49%     80.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.16%     80.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     101     16.58%     97.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.46%     99.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   609                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              153                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.633987                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.776892                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         952599500     92.66%     92.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75513000      7.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12802                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          445.400511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             191914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.414451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   445.400511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.869923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           364409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          364409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        78439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          78439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        81799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       160238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          160238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       160238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         160238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7011                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7011                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        84300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        88810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        88810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       173110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       173110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.069526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.126621                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.126621                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.052874                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052874                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            4375548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           865.245798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           933621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          933621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         459990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          459990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         459990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       464537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       464537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       464537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                       4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               949079000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 563500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           949856000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          402.527096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              20823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.529563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   402.527096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.786186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.786186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total            12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             255109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           496.321012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses             3858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses            3858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total            1926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total           1926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total         1928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total         1928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         53656                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26946                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2375                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           22657                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21465                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1192                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              23213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10442                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             49                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          10256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        25661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        44881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  80524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1071424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1524808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       148544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2952808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            70816                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            125290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.229452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.442711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   97743     78.01%     78.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   26347     21.03%     99.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1199      0.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              125290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35028                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17154                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1166                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           13009                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11209                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1800                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10584                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3862                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               86                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             75                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4549                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6035                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  51560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       538048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1353064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1891960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            56915                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             91839                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.182722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.434207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   76858     83.69%     83.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   13181     14.35%     98.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1800      1.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               91839                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               23075                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3965.845405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 34701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               26760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.296749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1690.831395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   703.672215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1097.907969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   137.229560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   336.204267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.412801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.171795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.268044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.033503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.082081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.899658                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              438309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             438309                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10442                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10442                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8806                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         8806                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             85                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          874                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             939                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3496                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          730                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4226                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4158                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               9323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          730                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          675                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              9323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2695                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5424                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          606                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6030                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7211                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          936                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8147                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            17428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           17428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10442                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10442                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8806                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8806                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          188                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3569                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        10256                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          26751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         26751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.563830                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.823529                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.585366                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.755113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.895330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.775895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.608072                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.453593                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.587949                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.670230                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.605433                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.662089                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.608072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.691374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.453593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.688509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.651490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.608072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.691374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.453593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.688509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           7474                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                7474                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               14425                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3950.312240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.172959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1574.731061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   252.340444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   486.137210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   431.633683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1205.469842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.384456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.061607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.118686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.105379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.294304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.964432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985352                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              292469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             292469                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8185                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8185                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          371                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             371                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2139                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2139                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1862                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1864                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               4374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              4374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           85                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2407                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4161                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            13126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           13126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8185                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8185                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4548                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6019                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6025                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.946441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.946441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.529476                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.529683                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.690646                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.690622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.529476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.827514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.750057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.529476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.827514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.750057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             18345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        17793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        22587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        27866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        52339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        10236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 62575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       682816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       910720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1595816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       259968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       260024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1855840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           40934                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            82494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.491963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  41910     50.80%     50.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  40584     49.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              82494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             12817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        27265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        11068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        38333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        27568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        27568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 65901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       943616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       264056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1207672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       905536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       905536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                2113208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           23921                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            67512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.353300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.477998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  43660     64.67%     64.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  23852     35.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              67512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        11300                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.786460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        11316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.291338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.673675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.689908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.063704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.067834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.643209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.042105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.230619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.066740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       162790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       162790                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          105                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2860                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4250                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6562                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9118                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          548                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2864                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4259                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6270                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998603                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997887                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998086                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         5072                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         5072                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3799                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.693275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.032765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.605759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.632489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.454499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.037860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.477031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.465906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        60901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        60901                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          243                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          243                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           39                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          221                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          221                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3843                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          243                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          243                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1286                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.982222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.982222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998733                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.975117                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.976175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.989954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.976175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.989954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          232                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          232                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3786                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.683071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           65                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.017096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.359635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.759457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.563523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.022477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.484966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.472720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        60348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        60348                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          232                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          232                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          221                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          221                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1248                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3616                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1469                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3837                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          232                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          232                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          221                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          221                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3622                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995215                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998343                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          225                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          225                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        11264                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.735556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        11280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.005940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.993627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.662757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.142021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.059486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.877665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.624602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.041422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.258876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.054854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       162415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       162415                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5072                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5072                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          105                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4240                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          690                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6247                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6548                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1238                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9103                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5072                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5072                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          548                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4250                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          691                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998601                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997647                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998553                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998242                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         5046                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         5046                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              246644                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               457                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           83474                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             142153                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               66                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          50181                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              388797                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               523                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          133655                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             443675                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              460                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         444135                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1627180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1327886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1327886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1267033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          9362                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              47977                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       151034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1267033                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 9362                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1709573                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       956775                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         6180                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         6103                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               390590                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             248275                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            142315                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      477582.363008                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1149597.636992                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.706497                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.293503                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   212853                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        28413      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           870834     65.55%     67.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1965      0.15%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           2975      0.22%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt           1718      0.13%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            587      0.04%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          259559     19.54%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         142615     10.74%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         19753      1.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1328421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23801                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13855                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37656                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23382                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23507                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1900005                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2731                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16028                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130387                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       173052                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38767                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24690                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14077                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1762388.200268                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      137616.799732                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.072430                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.927570                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2824      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86914     63.85%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              83      0.06%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25740     18.91%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14087     10.35%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6439      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            136114                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               85143                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34065                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              90057                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              175200                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49582                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             162180                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162332                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 2048806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             464055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               464055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       446856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8947                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47812                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              446856                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       642832                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       304622                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               176314                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              85982                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             90332                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1542646.813926                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      506159.186074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.247051                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.752949                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    59743                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9766      2.10%      2.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           265000     57.05%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             540      0.12%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.25%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           88283     19.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          90399     19.46%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9150      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            464537                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                 429                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                246                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 675                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1899714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts               1928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                 1928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses         1838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 80                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts          144                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                1838                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads         2463                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes         1434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  677                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                429                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts               248                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1897768.777284                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles       1945.222716                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001024                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998976                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                      263                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            9      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu             1124     58.30%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               5      0.26%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead             448     23.24%     82.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite            248     12.86%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            94      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total              1928                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9880                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5304                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7113                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          157                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           71                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          187                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3083                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3081                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9880                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        27808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        27808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        10962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        10962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              38770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       908160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       908160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       260856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       260856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1169016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        49756                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         74952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.658248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.474300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               25615     34.18%     34.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               49337     65.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           74952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
