
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365705500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254804854000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              301576927                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                301566339                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1125489122                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 739756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97984877                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97984877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623364975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2395632551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3018997527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623364975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623364975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1543012068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1543012068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1543012068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623364975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2395632551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4562009595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344976000     94.31%     94.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.69%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365806000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          262042500     71.63%     71.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.37%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.017766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.433816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.566184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.889074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.037562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.837100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.944994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1469314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1469314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       731055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       731055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       731055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18286                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3994.047812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.272011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1835.837488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.795736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         57.683330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   822.546960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1249.184299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.448203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.014083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.200817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.304977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443270                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4133                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4133                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8284                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8284                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                26003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               26003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.566681                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.566681                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34481    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134772                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44044                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127039                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21058                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261811                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65102                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              730088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                730088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76764                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702405                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264231                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136656                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127575                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731411                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97294                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426643     58.36%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140801     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127918     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             731055                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        52008                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26006                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1109                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1109                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       921088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1973824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2894912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18286                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.129059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69103     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1191      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001564                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1564036000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2256740122000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               82078556                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 82077811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1263286326                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 743852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101617134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     101617134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       567296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       950016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1517312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       567296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        567296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2394112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2394112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        14844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               23708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         37408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              37408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    362712879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    607413129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             970126007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    362712879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        362712879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1530726914                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1530726914                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1530726914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    362712879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    607413129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2500852922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      116                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7854                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     2037     39.02%     39.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     155      2.97%     41.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.02%     42.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    3028     58.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 5221                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      2034     48.15%     48.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      155      3.67%     51.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.02%     51.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     2034     48.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  4224                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               1236408000     79.04%     79.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                11513000      0.74%     79.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.00%     79.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               316284500     20.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           1564254500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998527                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.671731                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.809040                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      2.94%      2.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          4     11.76%     14.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4     11.76%     26.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      2.94%     29.41% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         7     20.59%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         4     11.76%     61.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         2      5.88%     67.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      2.94%     70.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      2.94%     73.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      2.94%     76.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     14.71%     91.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      2.94%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      2.94%     97.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      2.94%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     34                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   211      3.70%      3.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       10      0.18%      3.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  4651     81.64%     85.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     177      3.11%     88.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.02%     88.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.02%     88.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      414      7.27%     95.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   60      1.05%     96.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        3      0.05%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 168      2.95%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   5697                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               585                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 258                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  40                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 278                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   258                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    20                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.475214                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.629672                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          827817500     52.92%     52.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            627149500     40.09%     93.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            109287500      6.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      211                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             31007                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              816949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             31007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.347244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1743271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1743271                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       486151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          486151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       324305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         324305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       810456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           810456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       810456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          810456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          678                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          678                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        30329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          30329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        30329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         30329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       504770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       504770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       336015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336015                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       840785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       840785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       840785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       840785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034850                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034850                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087540                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087540                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             19363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             44739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.998885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3058638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             44739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             68.366258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5829592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5829592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2847686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2847686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2847686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2847686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2847686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2847686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        44740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         44740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        44740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          44740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        44740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         44740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2892426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2892426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2892426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2892426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2892426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2892426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.015468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.015468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.015468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        44739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             44739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 192                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1609728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        201                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1141                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1141                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               26220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              26220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         4286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        50436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        50436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   54722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          635                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1610256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1610256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1615092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                25218                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                25218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               226962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              226962                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        25152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           66                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               66                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           66                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             66                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        25152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        25152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           66                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              66                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           66                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             66                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           25152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                25152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24897                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3998.331133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       60013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.410451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1502.010975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.189498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.924922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1643.507023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   848.698716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.366702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.401247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.207202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.976155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989014                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1248211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1248211                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        19363                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            19363                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        44701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            44701                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2606                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2606                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        35871                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              35871                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13529                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             13529                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         35871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         16135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    52006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        35871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        16135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   52006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9104                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9104                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8869                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             8869                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5768                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5768                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        14872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        14872                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 23741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        19363                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19363                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        44701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        44701                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        44740                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          44740                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        19297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         19297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        44740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                75747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        44740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               75747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.777455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.198234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298907                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.298907                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.479634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.313425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.479634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.313425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                12256                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     12256                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            11904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         25152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        25152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        75588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        75588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        71642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        75928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 151516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1613952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1613952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2302016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2306852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3920804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            100481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  100481    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              100481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               511416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1029                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses           200037                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              344464                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               247                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   30                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses          115385                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               855880                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1276                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    42                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses           315422                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             1330485                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               683                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         1331168                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  3128188                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             2891108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               2891108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       2670053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses         175222                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              103392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       250138                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              2670053                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                175222                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      3863202                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      1984337                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads       117805                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes       116146                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                860007                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              514631                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             345376                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       235072.652854                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       2893115.347146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.924853                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.075147                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    374856                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        108672      3.76%      3.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu           1756901     60.74%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             4469      0.15%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           57938      2.00%     66.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp             169      0.01%     66.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt           33641      1.16%     67.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult            460      0.02%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv           11163      0.39%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           529406     18.30%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          346236     11.97%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          43371      1.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            2892426                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       151493                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        75745                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           52                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1049                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1049                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             65112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        44701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           11630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         44740                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        19297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       134181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        97293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                231474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5724224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3228516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8952740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           75365                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           228969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.070753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 227817     99.50%     99.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1152      0.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             228969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.510414                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4510413882000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6767154004000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2926906                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2926906                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1447401359                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 751020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3116.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  9120869036                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9120869036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst    228855680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    229493632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          458353344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    228855680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     228855680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     46624512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        46624512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      3575870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      3585838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide            63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7161771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        728508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             728508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     50739397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     50880837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide             894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             101621127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     50739397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         50739397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        10337081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             10337081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        10337081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     50739397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     50880837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide            894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            111958208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      384                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     946388                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    22792     22.93%     22.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      31      0.03%     22.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    4619      4.65%     27.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   71968     72.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                99410                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     22753     45.36%     45.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       31      0.06%     45.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     4619      9.21%     54.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    22753     45.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 50156                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             4505529545000     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 2216500      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               226331000      0.01%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              4654607000      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         4510412699500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.316154                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.504537                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         48     60.76%     60.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         14     17.72%     78.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         9     11.39%     89.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         8     10.13%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     79                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    83      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        1      0.00%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 88776     84.66%     84.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    9474      9.03%     93.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5984      5.71%     99.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   80      0.08%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        1      0.00%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 467      0.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 104866                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6059                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                5907                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   8                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                5911                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  5907                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     4                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.975574                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.987306                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         9189641000      0.20%      0.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         4501201197000     99.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             21861500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       83                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8712761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1930818087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8712761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            221.608063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        3887748869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       3887748869                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1625615215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      1625615215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    305109952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      305109952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        32298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        47828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1930725167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1930725167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1930725167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1930725167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7437910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7437910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1259292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1259292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        15559                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15559                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8697202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8697202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8697202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8697202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1633053125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1633053125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    306369244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    306369244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1939422369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1939422369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1939422369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1939422369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325114                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.325114                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2496198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2496198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          28953211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          8990577093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          28953211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            310.520898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       18068694503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      18068694503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   8990917435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      8990917435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   8990917435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       8990917435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   8990917435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      8990917435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     28953211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      28953211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     28953211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       28953211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     28953211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      28953211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   9019870646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   9019870646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   9019870646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   9019870646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   9019870646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   9019870646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     28953211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          28953211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 361                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        362                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  769                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 769                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51716                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51716                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        12104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        92866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        92866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  104970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        37696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        39227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2966280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2966280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3005507                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                46433                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                46433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               417897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              417897                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        46272                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        46272                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        46272                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46272                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46272                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46272                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   7398166                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4050.482249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    66468036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   7398166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      8.984394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      394.691356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.002370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  2151.803285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1503.985239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.096360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.525343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.367184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966309                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 611303597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                611303597                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2496198                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2496198                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     28952724                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         28952724                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       889616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                889616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     25377035                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           25377035                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4237284                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           4237284                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      25377035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5126900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 30503935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     25377035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5126900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                30503935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       369676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              369676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3576176                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          3576176                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3216185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3216185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3576176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3585861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                7162037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3576176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3585861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7162037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2496198                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2496198                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     28952724                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     28952724                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1259292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1259292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     28953211                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       28953211                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7453469                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7453469                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     28953211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8712761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             37665972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     28953211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8712761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            37665972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.293559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.123516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.431502                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.431502                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.411564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.190146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.411564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.190146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               682236                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    682236                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6793130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               5444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              5444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       728508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6479658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            369669                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           369669                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6792522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         46272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        46272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       139201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       139201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21485905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     21498009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               21637210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2971712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2971712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        39227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    502033024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    502072251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               505043963                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          14423108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                14423108    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            14423108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1633040939                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             586330                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1630514613                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           306423632                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             32403                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       303618338                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1939464571                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             618733                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1934132951                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          9003421712                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            218128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      9003639840                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               9020828148                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          9019251902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            9019251902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses    8577933825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses        2809976                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            16796206                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    112903039                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts           8577933825                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts               2809976                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads  13957516906                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes   8113851239                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads       120867                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes       120563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs            1940148834                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts          1633687920                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          306460914                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       739370.887474                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       9020088777.112526                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999918                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000082                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 139363627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass     431437892      4.78%      4.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu        6592071595     73.08%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult         45678585      0.51%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd         2675700      0.03%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp              17      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt            8388      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult             28      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv            2821      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead       1633774125     18.11%     96.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       306472210      3.40%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess        7749285      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         9019870646                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     75331944                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     37665972                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1165                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         494274                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       494274                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          36407288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2496198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     28952724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6215885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1259292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1259292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      28953211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7453469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     86859146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     26149709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             113008855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   3705979840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    717412603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             4423392443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7491084                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         82829028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.077198                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               82332424     99.40%     99.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 496604      0.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           82829028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001030                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1030289000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6768184293000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                            11588686806                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                              11588518873                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1308720824                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 751020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  9122927751                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9122927751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       352960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1073408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1426368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       352960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        352960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       605504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          605504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         5515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        16772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               22287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          9461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               9461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    342583489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1041851364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1384434853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    342583489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        342583489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       587703062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            587703062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       587703062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    342583489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1041851364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1972137915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       9372                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     3461     48.16%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     136      1.89%     50.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.01%     50.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    3588     49.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 7186                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      3459     49.03%     49.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      136      1.93%     50.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.01%     50.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     3459     49.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  7055                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                656944000     63.70%     63.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                10200000      0.99%     64.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.00%     64.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               364087500     35.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           1031280500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999422                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.964047                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.981770                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      2.44%      2.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      4.88%      7.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          7     17.07%     24.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          4      9.76%     34.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      2.44%     36.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      2.44%     39.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      2.44%     41.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3      7.32%     48.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      2.44%     51.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      2.44%     53.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      2.44%     56.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     12.20%     68.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                        12     29.27%     97.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      2.44%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     41                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   129      1.75%      1.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.08%      1.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  6704     90.94%     92.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      16      0.22%     92.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.01%     93.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.01%     93.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      345      4.68%     97.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   58      0.79%     98.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.12%     98.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 103      1.40%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   7372                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               474                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 206                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 206                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   206                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.434599                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.605882                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          848077000     82.24%     82.24% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            183203500     17.76%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      129                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             24964                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              599176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             25476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             23.519234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1253362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1253362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       342782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          342782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       229600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         229600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8646                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8646                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       572382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           572382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       572382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          572382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         13388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          575                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          575                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        24390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          24390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        24390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         24390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       356170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       356170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       240602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       240602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8646                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8646                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       596772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       596772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       596772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       596772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065482                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.065482                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             13092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.961207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             2430275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             13604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            178.644149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.961207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          351                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           4133081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          4133081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2046892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2046892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2046892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2046892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2046892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2046892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        13099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         13099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        13099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          13099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        13099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         13099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2059991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2059991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2059991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2059991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2059991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2059991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             13092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  816                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 816                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          702                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     3294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     22997                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4001.483632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       52765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     26994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.954694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1145.159159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1234.691781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1621.632692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.279580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.301438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.395906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.976925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    642646                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   642646                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16055                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16055                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        13071                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            13071                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         7584                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               7584                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6343                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              6343                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          7584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          8192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    15776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         7584                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         8192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   15776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5515                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5515                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        16772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  22287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5515                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        16772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 22287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16055                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16055                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        13071                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13071                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        13099                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          13099                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        13099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                38063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        13099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               38063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831924                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.831924                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421025                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.421025                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.545728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.545728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.585529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.585529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         13135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        66259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        69025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  69025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2031872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2035166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2035166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             45355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   45355    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               45355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               364176                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1076                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            72939                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              249772                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               169                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           37392                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               613948                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1245                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses           110331                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              452248                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               587                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          452835                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  2060578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             2058715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               2058715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1981041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4767                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               73626                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       179933                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1981041                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4767                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      2752240                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      1526504                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         3162                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                617203                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              366855                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             250348                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles            2060578                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    275046                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         30608      1.49%      1.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu           1340788     65.09%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             4666      0.23%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1387      0.07%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp              14      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              28      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult             33      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             257      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           382611     18.57%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          250713     12.17%     97.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          48886      2.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            2059991                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        76120                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        38063                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           45                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1395                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1395                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             27878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         13099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        39269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                116906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2628510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4303390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           22997                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           100500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.014836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.120896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  99009     98.52%     98.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1491      1.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             100500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
