
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365606500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254807102000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              183372191                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                183363912                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              684117589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 726112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97989373                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97989373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623533772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2396281248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3019815020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623533772                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623533772                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1543429890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1543429890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1543429890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623533772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2396281248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4563244909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344877000     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365707000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261943500     71.63%     71.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.37%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.021871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.391861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.608139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544884                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.861585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.030261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.844367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.945009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1468918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1468918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18284                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.873724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.273080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1834.783756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.731300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         56.889233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   823.850481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1249.618954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.201135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443138                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   977                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894492                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894492                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567142                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567142                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34481    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134755                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44045                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127021                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21040                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261776                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65085                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702207                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702207                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987270                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491766                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264196                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136639                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127557                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731213                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97276                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426480     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140784     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127900     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730857                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        51992                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25998                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1108                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1108                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       921088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1973312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2894400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18284                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.129022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69086     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1190      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.069470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 69470041500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2324648277000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2851721                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2851720                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              834621679                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 729216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   237363900                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     237363900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1150080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     13046848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           14196928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1150080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1150080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     13863424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        13863424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        17970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       203857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              221827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        216616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             216616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     16555050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    187805387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             204360436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     16555050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         16555050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       199559748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            199559748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       199559748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     16555050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    187805387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            403920185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      136                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      90725                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     4922     41.02%     41.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     267      2.23%     43.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      71      0.59%     43.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    6740     56.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                12000                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      4921     48.34%     48.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      267      2.62%     50.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       71      0.70%     51.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     4921     48.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 10180                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0              68777889500     99.00%     99.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                19885000      0.03%     99.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 3479000      0.01%     99.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               668982500      0.96%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total          69470236000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999797                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.730119                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.848333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      0.50%      0.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                        162     80.20%     80.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          6      2.97%     83.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2      0.99%     84.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        17      8.42%     93.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.50%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         1      0.50%     94.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      0.50%     94.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      0.50%     95.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      0.50%     95.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         6      2.97%     98.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      0.50%     99.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      0.50%     99.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      0.50%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    202                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   203      0.41%      0.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        8      0.02%      0.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 10118     20.41%     20.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     352      0.71%     21.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.00%     21.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.00%     21.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     1544      3.11%     24.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  225      0.45%     25.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        3      0.01%     25.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique               37118     74.87%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  49574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              1715                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1275                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  32                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1291                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1275                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    16                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.752770                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.854401                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         3234788500      4.66%      4.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          66142840500     95.21%     99.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             92607000      0.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      203                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            362406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            44190377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            362406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            121.936108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          89971746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         89971746                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     29720109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        29720109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14539480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14539480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        90392                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        90392                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        92283                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        92283                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44259589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         44259589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44259589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        44259589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       127222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        127222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       233032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       233032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2152                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2152                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       360254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         360254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       360254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        360254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29847331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29847331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14772512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14772512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        92544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44619843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44619843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44619843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44619843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023254                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023254                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       297634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            297634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             76527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.999975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           138247174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             76527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1806.515008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         277423760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        277423760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138597088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       138597088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138597088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        138597088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138597088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       138597088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        76528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         76528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        76528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          76528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        76528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         76528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    138673616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    138673616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    138673616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    138673616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    138673616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    138673616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        76527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             76527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 322                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2666496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        329                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1871                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1871                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               43361                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              43361                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         6946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   90464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1159                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2667256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2667256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2675560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41759                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375831                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41664                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41664                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           95                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               95                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41664                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41664                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41664                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41664                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    230284                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3902.426607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      369221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    230284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.603329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2266.212198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.704672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          1.335210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   711.390942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   921.783585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.553274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.173679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.225045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.952741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7486033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7486033                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       297634                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           297634                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        76503                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            76503                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        66979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 66979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        58558                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              58558                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        91541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             91541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         58558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        158520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   217078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        58558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       158520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  217078                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       166053                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              166053                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        17970                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            17970                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           37833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        17970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       203886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 221856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        17970                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       203886                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                221856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       297634                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       297634                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        76503                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        76503                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       233032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            233032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        76528                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          76528                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       129374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        129374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        76528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       362406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               438934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        76528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       362406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              438934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.712576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.234816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.234816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.292431                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.292431                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.234816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.562590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.505443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.234816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.562590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.505443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               174952                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    174952                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              57674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               1697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              1697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       216616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            47314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               23                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              23                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            166030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           166030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         55898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       125182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       125182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       665978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       672924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 798106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2672576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2672576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     25402544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                28075120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            531113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  531113    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              531113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             29895279                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              14795                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         29047731                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14867355                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             25208                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   26                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        13613885                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             44762634                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              40003                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    38                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         42661616                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           132465538                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               772                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       132466310                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                138940219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           138633575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             138633575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     126151650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses        1399182                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             4461330                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     17625904                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            126151650                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts               1399182                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    179401772                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     90907167                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads      1002986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes       942807                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs              44849728                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts            29956458                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           14893270                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       265819.772191                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       138674399.227809                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.998087                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.001913                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  23645691                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass      10436332      7.53%      7.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          82288707     59.34%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           155674      0.11%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd          220417      0.16%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp              36      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt             128      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult            108      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          109562      0.08%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         30061498     21.68%     88.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        14895324     10.74%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess         505830      0.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total          138673616                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       877867                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       438932                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           43                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8565                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8565                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            207678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       297634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        76503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           64753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           233032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          233032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         76528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       129374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       229559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1094145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1323704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9793984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     42250864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               52044848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          313847                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1195142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.007238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.084766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1186492     99.28%     99.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8650      0.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1195142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.979146                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                979146326000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3303794603000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1972408                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1972408                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              879599746                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 729216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1113.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2195630778                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2195630778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       141440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     72760896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           72902336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       141440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        141440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     35575360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        35575360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1136889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1139099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        555865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             555865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       144452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     74310544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              74454996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       144452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           144452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        36333037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             36333037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        36333037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       144452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     74310544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            110788034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      48385                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     5219     25.42%     25.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1003      4.88%     30.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   14312     69.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                20534                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      5219     45.62%     45.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1003      8.77%     54.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     5219     45.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 11441                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             978176185500     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                49147000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               920947500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         979146280000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                         1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.364659                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.557173                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                      3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    10      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 17973     83.18%     83.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    2007      9.29%     92.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     1558      7.21%     99.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                    6      0.03%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  54      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  21608                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              1568                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1558                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1558                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1558                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.993622                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.996801                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         1714202000      0.18%      0.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         977432078000     99.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       10                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2211157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           493079785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2211157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            222.996280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         992272207                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        992272207                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    427529486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       427529486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     65270853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       65270853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        11261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    492800339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        492800339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    492800339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       492800339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1903419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1903419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       304245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3493                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3493                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2207664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2207664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2207664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2207664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429432905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    429432905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     65575098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65575098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        11261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        11261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    495008003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    495008003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    495008003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    495008003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310186                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.310186                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       872485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            872485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             20890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1777988018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             20890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          85111.920440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3916606150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3916606150                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1958271740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1958271740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1958271740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1958271740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1958271740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1958271740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        20890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         20890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        20890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          20890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        20890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         20890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1958292630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1958292630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1958292630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1958292630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1958292630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1958292630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        20890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             20890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         8024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     8024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1141458                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4087.289505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3068469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1141458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.688201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      130.930242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.003697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    11.334340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3945.021226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.031965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.963140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4070                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993652                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  37158461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 37158461                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       872485                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           872485                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        20890                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            20890                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 26416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        18680                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              18680                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1047852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1047852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         18680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1074268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1092948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        18680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1074268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1092948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       277829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              277829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2210                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2210                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       859060                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          859060                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1136889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1139099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1136889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1139099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       872485                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       872485                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        20890                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        20890                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       304245                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            304245                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        20890                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          20890                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1906912                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1906912                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        20890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2211157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2232047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        20890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2211157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2232047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.913175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.913175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105792                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.105792                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.450498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.514160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.510338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.514160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.510338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               555865                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    555865                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             861270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       555865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           583175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            277829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           277829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        861270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3417238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3419244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3419244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    108477696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    108485720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               108485720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2279148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2279148    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2279148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            429440970                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              19751                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        428864848                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            65587887                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              6001                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        64674605                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            495028857                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              25752                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        493539453                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1955129395                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                22                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1955129417                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1958292652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1958266878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1958266878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses    1404785265                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      676606316                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             7564379                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    176051417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts           1404785265                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             676606316                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   2507070168                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    940662394                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    807659780                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    622169136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             495058838                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           429463917                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           65594921                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles         1958292652                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 187500873                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass     138212798      7.06%      7.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         911223645     46.53%     53.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          2078192      0.11%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       242095493     12.36%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        35387825      1.81%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult      124009785      6.33%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv         7984530      0.41%     74.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt        1863375      0.10%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        429481531     21.93%     96.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        65597490      3.35%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess         357966      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1958292630                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4464094                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2232047                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2643                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2643                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1927802                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       872485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        20890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1338672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           304245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          304245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         20890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1906912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6635477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6698147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2673920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    197361112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              200035032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1141458                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5606555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                5603912     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2643      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            5606555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.051307                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51307089000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3355101692000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               36411451                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 36411437                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              812876101                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 730240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    63.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2298215152                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2298215152                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       570688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      6865024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            7435712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       570688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        570688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3935168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3935168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       107266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              116183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         61487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              61487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     11122985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    133802641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             144925626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     11122985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         11122985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        76698329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             76698329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        76698329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     11122985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    133802641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            221623955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      16578                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     5748     46.32%     46.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     160      1.29%     47.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      52      0.42%     48.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    6449     51.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                12409                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      5746     49.09%     49.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      160      1.37%     50.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       52      0.44%     50.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     5746     49.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 11704                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0              50725282000     98.87%     98.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                11986000      0.02%     98.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 2548000      0.00%     98.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               567152000      1.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total          51306968000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999652                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.890991                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.943186                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      0.52%      0.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      1.04%      1.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          6      3.11%      4.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          3      1.55%      6.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      0.52%      6.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.52%      7.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      0.52%      7.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         4      2.07%      9.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      0.52%     10.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      0.52%     10.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      0.52%     11.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5      2.59%     13.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         5      2.59%     16.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      0.52%     17.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::121                      160     82.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    193                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   134      0.98%      0.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.04%      1.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 11619     84.79%     85.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     774      5.65%     91.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.01%     91.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.01%     91.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      578      4.22%     95.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  209      1.53%     97.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.07%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 372      2.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  13703                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               706                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 414                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 417                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   414                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     3                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.590652                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.740675                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         2250494500      4.39%      4.39% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          49042704500     95.59%     99.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             13769000      0.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      134                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            185511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            35025633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            186023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            188.286572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70595741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70595741                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21196061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        21196061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13639839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       13639839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        91189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        91189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        92514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        92514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     34835900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34835900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     34835900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34835900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       132630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        132630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51174                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51174                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       183804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         183804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       183804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        183804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21328691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21328691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13691013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13691013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        92897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35019704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     35019704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35019704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     35019704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018386                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018386                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       113408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            113408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             64529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.998296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           283409590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             65040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           4357.466021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         205237527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        205237527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    102521961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       102521961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    102521961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        102521961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    102521961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       102521961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        64535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         64535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        64535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          64535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        64535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         64535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    102586496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    102586496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    102586496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    102586496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    102586496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    102586496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        64529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             64529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   9                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         12                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  985                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 985                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         2700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        86064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        86064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    90496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1350                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                12150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               12150                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1344                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1344                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1344                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1344                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    118473                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3983.196695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      333822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    122429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.726658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1308.779277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   417.004848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2257.412571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.319526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.101808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.551126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.972460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2881                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.965820                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4169868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4169868                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       113408                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           113408                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        64510                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            64510                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        19591                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 19591                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        55617                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              55617                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        58652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             58652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         55617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         78243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   133860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        55617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        78243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  133860                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31582                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               31582                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8917                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             8917                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75686                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           75686                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       107268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 116185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8917                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       107268                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                116185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       113408                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       113408                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        64510                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        64510                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             51173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        64534                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          64534                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       134338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        134338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        64534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       185511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               250045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        64534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       185511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              250045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.617161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.617161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138175                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.138175                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.563400                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.563400                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.464656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.464656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                60143                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     60143                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 979                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              85588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        61487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            55635                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             31580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            31580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         84609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         4044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         4044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       348150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       351642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 355686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        86400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        86400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11284864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11289296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11375696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            236410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  236410    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              236410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21420544                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1906                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         20766454                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            13784418                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               185                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        13189288                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             35204962                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2091                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         33955742                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            98230895                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               541                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        98231436                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                102614193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           102584374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             102584374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      91346355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           5199                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             7077336                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      9547334                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             91346355                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  5199                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    122010016                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     64577266                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         3038                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs              35209561                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts            21424485                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           13785076                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       27153.329969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       102587039.670031                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999735                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000265                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  17691799                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass      10046323      9.79%      9.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          57129744     55.69%     65.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             9212      0.01%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1692      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               1      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               5      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             246      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         21532440     20.99%     86.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        13785906     13.44%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          80926      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total          102586496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       500087                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       250048                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           45                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2922                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2922                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            199852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       113408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        64510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           72078                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            51173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           51173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         64535                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       134338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       193580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       560002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                753582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8258880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19135248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               27394128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          121177                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           623006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.069443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 619987     99.52%     99.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3019      0.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             623006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
