
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365623000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254805285500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              182371113                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                182362967                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              680438248                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 725088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97985740                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97985740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623505633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2396348151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3019853784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623505633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623505633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1543535281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1543535281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1543535281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623505633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2396348151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4563389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344893500     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365723500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261960000     71.63%     71.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.37%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.020698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.503495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.496505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.866167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.031478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.843155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.945006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1468984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1468984                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18282                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.822521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.273110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1834.562264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.750850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         56.892795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   824.114445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1249.502166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.201200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443172                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443172                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4124                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4124                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8284                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8284                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34483                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34483    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34483                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134758                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44045                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127024                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21043                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261782                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65088                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702240                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76749                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702240                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987318                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491793                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264202                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136642                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127560                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731246                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97279                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426507     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140787     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127903     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        51996                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26000                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1105                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9530                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       921088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1973376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2894464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18282                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.128860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69091     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1187      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017029                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17029346500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2272205782000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                6102797                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6102790                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              787515468                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 735328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    21.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   131967459                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     131967459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2306496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     12991104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           15297600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2306496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       2306496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     15486848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        15486848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        36039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       202986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              239025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        241982                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             241982                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    135442426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    762865680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             898308106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    135442426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        135442426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       909421157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            909421157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       909421157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    135442426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    762865680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1807729263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      407                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      63394                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     7074     40.53%     40.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     211      1.21%     41.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      17      0.10%     41.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   10151     58.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                17453                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      6703     49.16%     49.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      211      1.55%     50.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       17      0.12%     50.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     6703     49.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 13634                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0              15870670500     93.19%     93.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                15408500      0.09%     93.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  833000      0.00%     93.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1142645000      6.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total          17029557000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.947554                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.660329                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.781184                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      0.22%      0.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                        398     87.67%     87.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          3      0.66%     88.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          6      1.32%     89.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        17      3.74%     93.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.22%     93.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         6      1.32%     95.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      0.22%     95.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      0.22%     95.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      0.22%     95.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        10      2.20%     98.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         5      1.10%     99.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.44%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      0.22%     99.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      0.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    454                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   366      0.65%      0.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       12      0.02%      0.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 15581     27.77%     28.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     636      1.13%     29.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.00%     29.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.00%     29.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     1644      2.93%     32.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  486      0.87%     33.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.01%     33.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique               37367     66.61%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  56099                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              1910                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1071                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                 100                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1121                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1071                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    50                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.586911                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.727686                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         5560659500     32.65%     32.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          11175279500     65.62%     98.28% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            293618000      1.72%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      366                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            323269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.936092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             8911530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            323269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.566918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.936092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          18904732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         18904732                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4794149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4794149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3958803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        3958803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       105474                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       105474                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       108996                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       108996                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8752952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          8752952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8752952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         8752952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       189188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        189188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       130438                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       130438                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3670                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3670                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       319626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         319626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       319626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        319626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4983337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4983337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4089241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4089241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       109144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       109144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       108996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       108996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9072578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9072578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9072578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9072578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033625                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033625                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       183341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            183341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            208266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.999898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            33196127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            208266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            159.392925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          351                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          66699615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         66699615                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33037407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        33037407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33037407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         33037407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33037407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        33037407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       208267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        208267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       208267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         208267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       208267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        208267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     33245674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33245674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     33245674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     33245674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     33245674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     33245674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       208266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            208266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1014                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  8372224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1030                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2077                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2077                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              133274                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             133274                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  270702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9033                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  8383633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               131113                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               131113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1180017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1180017                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    254062                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3983.719292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      600403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    254062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.363214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1589.432611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.465150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.797866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   604.819429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1787.204236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.388045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.147661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.436329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.972588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4067                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1684                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992920                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   8886045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  8886045                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       183341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           183341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       208224                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           208224                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 33416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       172216                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             172216                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        86817                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             86817                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        172216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        120233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   292449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       172216                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       120233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  292449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        97022                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               97022                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36051                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            36051                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       106041                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          106041                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       203063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 239114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       203063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                239114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       183341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       183341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       208224                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       208224                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       130438                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            130438                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       208267                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         208267                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       192858                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        192858                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       208267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       323296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               531563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       208267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       323296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              531563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.743817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.743817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173100                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.173100                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.549840                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.549840                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.449832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.449832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               111166                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    111166                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             144169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               2458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              2458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       241982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           128293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               74                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              74                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             96948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            96948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        142389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       393042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       393042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       717687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       726163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1119205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8391232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      8391232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9033                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22413184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     22422217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                30813449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            745037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  745037    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              745037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              5053410                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               3910                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          3288757                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4201223                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               989                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   29                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         2795928                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits              9254633                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               4899                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    41                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses          6084685                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            22596878                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              2127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        22599005                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 34059100                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            33240734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              33240734                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      29007638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses        3852015                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             1063288                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      2987510                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             29007638                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts               3852015                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads     42149750                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     20390408                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads      2564911                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes      2564341                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs               9301540                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts             5098183                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            4203357                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       811272.666512                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       33247827.333488                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.976180                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.023820                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   4232407                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass       2328034      7.00%      7.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          18458534     55.52%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           533348      1.60%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd         1282242      3.86%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp              48      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt          767567      2.31%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult             51      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          255853      0.77%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead          5228182     15.73%     86.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         4206774     12.65%     99.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess         185041      0.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           33245674                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1063098                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       531534                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          433                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          15666                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        15666                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            402905                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              2458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             2458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       183341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       208224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          139537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           130438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          130438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        208267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       192858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       624758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       977946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1602704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     26655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     32433801                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               59089225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          516433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1583624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.010439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.101635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1567093     98.96%     98.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  16531      1.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1583624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.311506                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1311506048000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3583711830000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1770028                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1770028                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              847777849                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 742788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1546.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2738219773                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2738219773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     11238144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    189761536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          200999680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     11238144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      11238144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    110741312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       110741312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       175596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2965024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3140620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1730333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1730333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      8568885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    144689791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             153258676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      8568885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          8568885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        84438278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             84438278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        84438278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      8568885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    144689791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            237696953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      105                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     804996                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    20364     35.79%     35.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     159      0.28%     36.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1343      2.36%     38.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   35039     61.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                56905                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     20360     48.22%     48.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      159      0.38%     48.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1343      3.18%     51.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    20360     48.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 42222                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1308879935000     99.80%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                11823500      0.00%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                65807000      0.01%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              2548474000      0.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1311506039500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999804                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.581067                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.741973                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          4      0.99%      0.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                        114     28.15%     29.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         17      4.20%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         33      8.15%     41.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        86     21.23%     62.72% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        32      7.90%     70.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        33      8.15%     78.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        43     10.62%     89.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                        36      8.89%     98.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         6      1.48%     99.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         1      0.25%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    405                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   593      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        2      0.00%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 49857     23.22%     23.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    3002      1.40%     24.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      3      0.00%     24.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      3      0.00%     24.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5546      2.58%     27.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                 1246      0.58%     28.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        1      0.00%     28.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique              154428     71.93%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 214681                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6111                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                5388                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                5398                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  5388                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    10                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.883325                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.357143                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.936584                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         7294687500      0.56%      0.56% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         1296154405000     98.83%     99.39% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle           8056947000      0.61%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      593                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          15378575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           653824091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          15378575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             42.515258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1353782109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1353782109                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    514636839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       514636839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    138877838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      138877838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       149061                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       149061                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       159454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       159454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    653514677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        653514677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    653514677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       653514677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7987636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7987636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7380199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      7380199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10740                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10740                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15367835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15367835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15367835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15367835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    522624475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    522624475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    146258037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    146258037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       159801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       159801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       159454                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       159454                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    668882512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    668882512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    668882512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    668882512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050460                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050460                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067209                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067209                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     12881596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          12881596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            585517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          2605618461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            585517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           4450.115814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5214252627                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5214252627                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   2606248038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      2606248038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   2606248038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       2606248038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   2606248038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      2606248038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       585517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        585517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       585517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         585517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       585517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        585517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   2606833555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2606833555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   2606833555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   2606833555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   2606833555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   2606833555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       585517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            585517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 100                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   872448                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        113                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1136                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1136                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               16073                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              16073                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           84                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         7064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        27354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        27354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   34418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        12480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          714                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        15743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       872808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       872808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   888551                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                13677                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                13677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               123093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              123093                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13632                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13632                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               45                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13632                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13632                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           13632                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                13632                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   3215990                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3847.818011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21351164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   3215990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.639064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1618.547574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   345.926605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1883.343832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.395153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.084455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.459801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.939409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2529                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 266021018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                266021018                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     12881596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         12881596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       585505                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           585505                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6225022                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               6225022                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       409910                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             409910                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6188487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6188487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        409910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      12413509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 12823419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       409910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     12413509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                12823419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1155177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1155177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       175607                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           175607                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1809889                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1809889                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       175607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2965066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                3140673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       175607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2965066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3140673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     12881596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12881596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       585505                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       585505                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7380199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           7380199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       585517                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         585517                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7998376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7998376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       585517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15378575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             15964092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       585517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15378575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            15964092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.156524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.299918                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.299918                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.226282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.299918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.196734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.299918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.196734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1716701                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1716701                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1986632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               2441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              2441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1730333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1423950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1155173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1155173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1985541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         13632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        40986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        40986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9421997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      9429061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9470047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       875328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       875328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    310871680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    310887423                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               311762751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6312238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 6312238    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6312238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            522582747                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             283801                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        520661058                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           146422356                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            297439                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       142623339                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            669005103                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             581240                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        663284397                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          2593052659                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              7572                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      2593060231                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2623012201                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2606252314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2606252314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses    2088379041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      565533862                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            16932606                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    270217340                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts           2088379041                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             565533862                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   3437608076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes   1520394583                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    630474216                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    478425859                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             669792086                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           523069168                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          146722918                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       16171068.465321                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       2606841132.534679                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.993835                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.006165                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 296732987                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass     162159797      6.22%      6.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu        1412732894     54.19%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          3786536      0.15%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       236936361      9.09%     69.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        67401662      2.59%     72.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt         4912436      0.19%     72.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult       38599067      1.48%     73.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv         2477105      0.10%     74.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt        1545742      0.06%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        523256699     20.07%     94.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       146729221      5.63%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess        6296035      0.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         2606833555                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31928184                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15964092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           71                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          77823                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        77823                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8584984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              2441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             2441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     12881596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       585505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2496920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7380199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7380199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        585517                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7998376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1756539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     46142730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              47899269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     74945408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1808666687                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1883612095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3243373                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         35175060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               35097095     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  77965      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           35175060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006073                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6072613000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3589784443000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              369017436                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                369016350                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              814762107                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 742788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2750357322                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2750357322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       499648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2153856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2653504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       499648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        499648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1573760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1573760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        33654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               41461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         24590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              24590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     82278914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    354683560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             436962474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     82278914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         82278914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       259156972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            259156972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       259156972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     82278914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    354683560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            696119446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      89644                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     2974     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     120      1.90%     48.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       6      0.09%     48.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    3228     51.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 6328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      2972     48.96%     48.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      120      1.98%     50.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        6      0.10%     51.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     2972     48.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  6070                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               5753436000     94.75%     94.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 8996500      0.15%     94.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  294000      0.00%     94.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               309712000      5.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           6072438500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999328                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.920694                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.959229                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      3.23%      3.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      6.45%      9.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          6     19.35%     29.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          3      9.68%     38.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      3.23%     41.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      3.23%     45.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      3.23%     48.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3      9.68%     58.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      3.23%     61.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      3.23%     64.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      3.23%     67.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     16.13%     83.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         4     12.90%     96.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      3.23%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     31                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   127      0.15%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.01%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  5876      6.78%      6.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      37      0.04%      6.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.00%      6.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.00%      6.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      326      0.38%      7.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   48      0.06%      7.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.01%      7.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique               80207     92.58%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  86638                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               453                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 205                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 205                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   205                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.452539                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.623100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          797696000     13.14%     13.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5274742500     86.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      127                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             57525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             3954598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             58037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             68.139256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           7942667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          7942667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2441930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         2441930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1338212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1338212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        52217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        52217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        52686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        52686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3780142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          3780142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3780142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         3780142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         44079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          589                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          589                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        56937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          56937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        56937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         56937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2486009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2486009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1351070                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1351070                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        52806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        52686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3837079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3837079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3837079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3837079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011154                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011154                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        41475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             41475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             23965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.993415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            12840660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             24477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            524.601054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.993415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          24303536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         24303536                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12115810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        12115810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12115810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         12115810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12115810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        12115810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         23972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          23972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         23972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12139782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12139782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12139782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12139782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12139782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12139782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        23965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             23965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  15                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         15                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  728                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 728                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2439                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2439                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          615                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2975                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   125887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1924                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17316                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     43046                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4027.540309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      171165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     47034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.639176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      675.716191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1032.544093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2319.280025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.164970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.252086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.566230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3988                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973633                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1359420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1359420                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        41475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            41475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        23943                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            23943                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16165                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              16165                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         16165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         23871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    40036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        23871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   40036                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10506                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10506                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7807                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             7807                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        23148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           23148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        33654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  41461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        33654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 41461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        41475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        23943                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        23943                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          23972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        44668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         44668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                81497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               81497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.817142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.325672                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.325672                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.518223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.325672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.585033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.508743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.325672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.585033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.508743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                22670                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     22670                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            18165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         30959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       123757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       126243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 132011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       123136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2975                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4104384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      4107359                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4230495                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             87398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   87398    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               87398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              2457873                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               2036                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          2184309                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             1404214                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               166                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         1201993                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits              3862087                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2202                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses          3386302                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            10628702                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               647                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        10629349                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 12145229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            12137549                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              12137549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      10930173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4827                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              661046                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      1445588                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             10930173                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4827                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads     14606926                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      7858946                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         3062                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2910                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs               3946373                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts             2541587                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            1404786                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles        4800.001185                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       12140428.998815                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999605                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000395                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   2439405                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        752184      6.20%      6.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu           7240756     59.64%     65.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             3985      0.03%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1365      0.01%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               2      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               4      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              2      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             245      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead          2600795     21.42%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         1405199     11.58%     98.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess         135245      1.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           12139782                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       162988                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        81497                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           49                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2315                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2315                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             69364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        23943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           16024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         23972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        44668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       175037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                246924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3066560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6338975                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                9405535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           46895                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           211125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.011458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.106426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 208706     98.85%     98.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2419      1.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             211125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
